today is the international day for access to information .
on account of this, the ministry of public media department has announced information month .
this will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month .
during this period many programs to encourage actions regarding the right to access information will be implemented .
the law to access information will be passed in the sri lankan parliament in 2016 .
this activity will further strengthen democracy .
this law is currently ranked as the fourth of its kind in the world .
usage of plastic products banned at bjp headquarters in delhi .
the usage of single use plastic products like water bottles is banned there .
india is getting ready for the busy elections .
elections will be held in maharashtra and haryana on 21 next month .
election results are to be announced on 24 of the same month .
now all the parties are getting ready for that seriously .
in this scenario, bjp held its election working committee in delhi .
prime minister modi, bjp national president amit shah, bjp national executive president jp natta took part in the discussion .
previously prime minister modi held discussions with the election working committee of bjp during last march .
later, during his independence address he urged to avoid plastics .
he had requested to avoid single use plastic products .
in this scenario, usage of sngle use plastics in totally banned in bjp headquarters .
importantly, water bottles were totally given up .
water bottles were not to be used in today’s bjp meeting also .
as an alternate for this, water will be served in glass jar for those coming there .
it is said that this is based on the request of prime minister modi .
it should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action .
gulalai ismail hails from pakistan .
she is a social activist and since her childhood, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honour killings and oppression .
she posted with evidence, the photos of pakistan military indulging in sexual harassment against women and girls belonging to the aboriginal pashtun group in some areas including khyber pakhtunkhwa, baluchistan province, in social media .
“treason charges” are filed on gulalai and the country’s police is seriously trying to arrest her .
but with the help of her friends and relatives, gulalai ismail has escaped from pakistan and has taken refuge in the united states .
meanwhile, the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan made a speech the day before yesterday at the un council in new york, america .
“there are no militant groups in pakistan so we should all unite against terrorism,” he said .
police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging .
ramakrishnan was a resident of odappalli area near pallipalayam, namakkal district .
his son is devendran age 27 .
he was employed as the tower manager in a famous private cell phone company .
devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house .
suddenly there was an electrical leakage and devendran was electrocuted .
he was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically .
on learning of this incident, the pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry .
later, the body of devendran was sent to pallipalayam government hospital for postmortem .
a complaint was made at pallipalayam police station regarding the incident .
upon receiving this the police filed a case and are now investigating .
this incident has caused a stir in the local area .
the supreme court has strongly warned that it cannot grant even a oneday time period after october 18 to present the arguments .
the supreme court is hearing the appeals that are made against the verdict of allahabad high court in the ayodhya case .
the supreme court has been hearing the case on a daily basis since the 6th of last month .
the court has advised to complete the arguments before october 18 .
a bench headed by the chief justice ranjan gogoi is hearing this case .
the hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last monday .
during yesterday’s arguments the islamic organisations objected to the 2003 statement of the archaeological department .
commenting on this, the judges said, “if there are any objections to the statement of the archaeology department, you might have raised them in the allahabad high court .
there you will be granted relief as per the law .
we won’t allow that to be raised here” .
in this scenario, the ayodhya case came for hearing again today .
during the hearing the islamic organisations begged pardon if they had wasted court time by objecting to the statement of the archaeology department .
the lawyer of the islamic side has not lost his right to question the statement of the archaeology department .
bu the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court, said the judges .
the judges pointed out that the arguments need to be completed by october 18 and accordingly, the hindu and islamic sides need to specify the time period to complete their arguments .
the judges also informed that they cannot grant even one day to present their arguments after october 18, and it will be fine if the judgment is given within four weeks of this case .
they also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present their counter arguments of the hindu organisations, as there are more holidays during october .
“just increase the dosage of the tablets for dengue nothing will happen otherwise”, uttarakhand bjp chief minister trivendra singh has said .
around 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in uttarakhand .
the officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in dehradun and 1,100 people in haldwani are suffering from dengue .
among them, 4 people died in dehradun and 2 people died in haldwani .
a report by the state health department itself declared the death of 8 people up to september 17 .
replying to questions from journalists that infection spread by mosquitoes is on the rise despite these efforts, trivendra singh said, “patients affected by dengue should take a 650mg paracetamol dose instead of a 500mg dose, and rest for some time, then they will be cured” .
the death of a priest in thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area .
govindaraj age 45 was residing in iraiyamangalam near thiruvallur .
he was a priest and is unmarried .
he also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga .
being from nanganallur, chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone .
he was growing herbal plants all around the house .
in this scenario, a young woman lavanya, from besant nagar, chennai, visited last saturday and stayed with govindaraj .
govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house .
suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise .
in this incident the body of govindaraj caught fire .
he ran out of the house shouting .
lavanya who came out upon hearing the noise, was shocked to see the scorched body of govindaraj .
govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot .
on hearing this information, mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to thiruvallur government hospital for postmortem .
lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded .
it is not known if the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room was a bomb .
what was the object that exploded in the pooja room? .
it is not known if it is a bomb .
forensic expert nalina and officers led by deputy superintendent of police harini collected the evidence at the scene, which was then sent for analysis .
the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room will only be known after the results are received .
there were also blood stains in the pooja room .
police suspect that there would have been no chance of bleeding during the fire .
based on the post mortem report of govindaraj, the police have planned to conduct a further inquiry .
in relation to this incident, the lady who was staying with him is also being investigated .
the death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area .
cbcid police are investigating the neet impersonation case .
in this scenario, an investigation was conducted with both the arrested udit surya and his father venkatesan, the day before yesterday at theni cbcid office .
the southern region superintendent mr vijayakumar and deputy superintendent mr hardwin jagadeeshkumar, cbcid inspector ms chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement .
later after completing the medical checkup, they were presented before the magistrate of theni sessions court, mr paneer selvam .
did filming of the actor sasikumar cause suffering to patients of a government hospital? .
the resulting noise from the film shoot made all the inpatients of the hospital suffer considerably .
many people including night duty doctors, nurses and staff watched the film shooting .
upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by pon ram starring actor sasikumar .
reports say that proper permission was not obtained from the hospital administration for the shooting of the film .
immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew .
on hearing about the incident, the kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning .
however, the film crew had already fled the scene prior to this, said people at the scene .
we contacted the film crew for an explanation regarding the incident .
but we were unable to reach them .
the nataraja statue rescued from australia, was kept in the premises of kallidaikurichi kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday .
the kallidaikurichi aramvalartha nayaki with kulasekaramudayar temple is in tirunelveli district .
the panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall nataraja statue, sivakami ambal, manickavasagar, sripalinathar in the nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982 .
it came to be known that these statues were in an australian museum .
upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing pon manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to tamil nadu .
subsequent to the order of the kumbakonam court, it was brought to kallidaikurichi yesterday .
the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, was given a warm welcome by the public with musical instruments .
later the statue was kept in the shrine of the kulasekaramudayar temple .
special officer pon manickavel said the other three statues including sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon .
those who are involved with this incident will be arrested soon .
the cbcid police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the neet exam impersonation case .
udit surya and father drvenkatesan working in stanley medical college, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the neet exam .
with them being continuously questioned, drvenkatesan was suspended yesterday .
meanwhile, the cbcid police were intensely investigating the impersonation case .
with 3 medical students of kanchipuram district caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today .
the cbcid police have today arrested abirami, praveen, rahul of krishnagiri and villupuram medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them .
6 mediators were also arrested in this case .
it is said that cbcid is now acting, based on the statement given by the father of udit surya when he was questioned .
the cbcid has said that shocking information has been continuously released in the neet exam impersonation case .
the evolving method of new graduates from universities protesting in streets due to lack of employment is thanks to an education system that has deviated from the fields of science, technology and research, president maithripala sirisena has said .
so, it is also very important to make necessary basic changes in the national educational policies and introduce and implement the newer education systems of developed nations, stated the president .
the president said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘shilpa sena’ exhibition that began in the polannurava gallele national stadium yesterday .
under the guidance of the ministry of the science, technology and research department, the second phase of the shilpa sena exhibition will be featured in the polannaruva gallele national stadium until the 25th, with intellectual and new innovation, along with various entertainment events .
during his address after participating in this inauguration event, the president also said that the progress in the world is through new inventions that are created from research in science and technology .
more cooperation is needed from science, technology and research departments to confront the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climatic changes the president also explained the need of experts in these fields .
the president, who noted that selfcentred thinking and acting of a majority of people in the fields of politics, science, technology and research without thinking about the nation is an important challenge in the journey towards development he also pointed out that it is a big problem that the country is losing much needed scholars to serve as engineers, doctors and auditors because of scholars who think only about themselves and leave their nation after receiving free education .
the shilpa sena exhibition which is being held under the theme of ‘wealthy nation by strong hands’ is primarily divided into five sections regarding business initiative, business market, new strategies, blue green zone and entertainment .
in the technology department under the important themes of stem education, space technology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, mechatronics, new power strength, blue green technology, 5g, and iot it has been arranged to promote modern scientific, technological and research knowledge .
in the new products section of the shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial .
the president also interacted with the team after inaugurating and visiting the exhibition .
many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research chinthka lokuhetti participated in this event .
dusshera festival in mutharamman temple, kulashekaranpattinam began with flag hoisting .
the annual dusshera festival held in kulashekaranpattinam mutharamman temple near thiruchendur is famous throughout the world .
in india more people gather for dusshera only in kulasai, next to samundeeswari temple in mysore .
worshipping the god dressed in various attires after fasting and giving their vows is the uniqueness of mutharamman temple festival .
among them, persons dressing as godess kali fasting severly for 48 days is more special .
the dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag .
dusshera festival will be held for 10 days .
the important event of dusshera festival, the killing of the giant mahisha will be held on 8th october .
on the night of that day, lord ambiga who will rise up in kulashekarapattinam seashore will kill the giant mahisha .
it is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will come to worship the lord amman, on account of the festival .
the devotees have the privilege of worshipping the godess and god together as mutharamman sits in the sanctum with gnanamoortheeswarar .
the devotees strongly believe that godess mutharamman will solve problems related to psychiatry, marriage and child birth .
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit indonesia on thursday .
regarding this the country's national disaster rescue system and rescue force said .
there was a powerful earthquake near ambon city in malukku islands on thursday at 845 am local time .
it was recorded as 65 units in richter scale .
many buildings collapsed in this earthquake there were also landslides at many places .
20 persons lost their lives in these incidents .
they lost their lives getting caught in building ruins and getting buried in landslides .
among them a woman lost her life when she fell from her two wheeler while driving it towards a higher altitude fearing a tsunami attack .
apart from this 100 people were injured due to earthquake 2,000 persons were shifted to safe areas, said the officials .
there is information that ambon city where about 4 lakh people live and surrounding areas were affected by this earth quake .
as tremors jolted the city hospital, patients and others left the hospital urgently .
subsequently, temporary camps were setup and patients are lodged in them, says information .
it should be remembered that about 4,300 people died in an earthquake of magnitude 75 in the richter scale that hit indonesia last year .
robbery attempted in kanchipuram atm .
a mysterious gang of 3 persons on a motor cycle escaped on seeing the police .
there is a state bank of india at velinga pattarai area of kanchipuram .
today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the atm and saw the camera at the door of the atm .
then the applied the spray brought by them on the camera .
kanchipuram taluk police inspector baskar, subinspector chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way .
on hearing the horn of the police the 3 persons escaped on the motor cycle in which they have come .
but the inspector baskar chased them for some time .
but they entered a narrow lane and escaped .
the kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the atm .
as the police came there on patrol, lakhs of rupees in the atm was safe .
tamils should appreciate prime minister modi for his speech praising the riches of the tamil language, un council minister sellur raju has said .
the minister for the department of cooperation usually relaxes the gathering in the meetings of aiadmk party through his witty speech .
also, during his press conferences his opinions made the headlines .
during his speech in un council, the prime minister modi had quoted “the world is one, all are relations” a line from ancient tamil literature, purananooru .
he has mentioned that the tamilians should thank and appreciate prime minister modi and it is our duty .
also, prime minister modi had “glorified tamil among world leaders”, he said .
he said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at arappalayam bus stand, madurai .
this interview with minister sellur raju has made even the cadres of bjp feel shy .
he also said that the rule of law prevails in tamil nadu, and the arrest of former admk councillor jayagobal is the best example for that .
the admk government will not support wrong deeds by anyone, and will take action without prejudice, he promised .
tahil ramani served as the chief justice of chennai high court .
after one year since her appointment as the chief justice, the collegium recommended the central government appoint another chief justice for chennai .
accordingly, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as the chief justice of meghalaya high court .
justice tahil ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium .
but her demand was rejected .
subsequently, she submitted her resignation .
at this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani .
meanwhile, the central government announced that it had accepted the resignation of tahil ramani .
the case was also dismissed .
meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for tahil ramani on behalf of the associations of chennai high court lawyers .
a protest was staged by the secular progressive alliance, condemning the violence of hindu munnani and urging speedy action by the police .
on the 5th of last month, more than 60 hindu munnani activists gained unauthorised entry into the premises of a knitwear company in angeripalayam road in tirupur .
the employees there were subjected to an attack and their belongings were also damaged .
the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with this incident .
the business community, various political parties, activists and citizens have heavily condemned this incident a protest condemning this incident was announced on 9th of last month by the secular progressive alliance of tirupur .
with the permission denied, a complaint was given to the district collector and tirupur district police commissioner .
in a discussion that followed, a protest was announced by the secular progressive alliance again on september 17 .
since the police department denied permission for this also, a protest “condemning the violent approach of hindu munnani and urging speedy action from the police” was conducted defying the ban .
kselvaraj, dmk secretary of tirupur north district headed the agitation .
executives from all parties including cpim state committee member kkamaraj, smuthukannan, cpi m secretary, tirupur district, mravi, cpi secretary, tirupur district, ramasamy of congress party, and sampath from the mdmk, all took part in the agitation .
the police interrupted the protest citing lack of permission .
during this time, the secular progressive alliance parties said hindu munnani activists attacked a knitwear company in tirupur on the 5th of last month and indulged in violence .
condemning this event, we have asked for proper permission to conduct a protest democratically, but the police department denied it regarding this, we made a complaint to the collector, and police commissioner the police denied us permission, considering the importance of the demands we are conducting, to protest democratically in a nonviolent way defying the ban .
also the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with the attack on the knitwear company .
they urged the police to take speedy action to arrest hindu munnani agitators in connection with this incident .
since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban .
in the agitation, voices were raised against the attack on the knitwear company by hindu munnai and against various forms of communal violence unleashed by hindu munnani .
that the protest was conducted democratically, and with control by the secular progressive alliance, creating awareness against violence among the people of tirupur, is not an overstatement! .
rs100 crore was collected from ticketless train travellers .
railway police will file a case and impose fines on those travelling without tickets on trains .
the number of ticketless travellers has increased compared to last year .
a news release of the central railway has revealed that that from april to september 2018, a total of 1742 lakh cases had been filed, and rs8798 in fines was collected this year from april to september, 1915 lakh cases were filed and rs10029 were collected in fines .
the district collectors of namakkal and thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the central government for best performance in medical service, to the chief minister edappadi palanisamy and were greeted by him .
the district collector of namakkal district masia mariam showed the award presented by the central government for best implementation of the scheme “save girl child, educate girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio the district collector of thiruvallur district maheswari ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 692019 in a function held in new delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people she was greeted by the chief minister edappadi palanisamy at the secretariat .
the minister of social welfare and nutritious meal department drvsaroja, chief secretary kshanmugam, the secretary for social welfare and nutritious meal department smadhumadhi, social welfare commissioner tabraham were present during this event .
“if i do it, people also will come forward to do this!” says ram singh regarding this initiative, “people were fed up with the hardships of purchasing large amounts of vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution .
with so many people complaining about this, it does not seem that they thought of an alternative way, or realised that the solution lies with them .
the proper solution to this is, only if i do what i believe, people will be ready to follow .
so my wife and i walk 10 kms once a week to purchase vegetables .
since this has continued for six months, we are now used to it .
now i am mentally very satisfied” he says .
“many said that it would be tough to walk, carrying large amounts of vegetables i recommended them to carry a bamboo basket with them to fight against the plastic threat .
but they laughed at this .
so my wife and i went to the market carrying a bamboo basket .
only then did i realise that it would be helpful in many ways .
many youths are not physically healthy nowadays .
i think they should start walking and control their diet .
i deeply believe that only traditional methods can provide the best solutions for new challenges that are brought up by the modern world .
if a person follows traditional methods, he could be “fully fit” says an excited ram singh ias .
dr gsengottuvelu, specialist in heart surgery has informed that cardiovascular diseases including heart attack are the leading factors for death throughout the world .
world heart day is celebrated on september 29 of every year .
to mark this, an awareness program named “lets unite with heart – save our heart” was conducted by drgs heart foundation at thiyagaraya nagar in chennai on 2792019 .
chief consultant of apollo hospital and interventional cardiac treatment specialist drsengottuvelu presided over this event .
led by the special guest film actor sivakumar everyone including doctors took the oath heart saviours – the heroes of heart .
following this sivakumar delivered a speech about leading a healthy life .
the head of the hospital dr amuruganathan received it .
during his speech in this event expert dr gsengottuvelu said .
cardiac diseases including heart attack is the number one factor for the loss of lives worldwide .
in india heart diseases are on the rise .
youths are also affected by cardiac arrest .
if we are aware and maintain a safe physique, 80 percent of heart diseases can be prevented .
if our mother, father, grand father and grand mother have heart diseases then there are chances for us also to have heart diseases .
if we maintain a proper life style, we can prevent heart diseases to an extent .
with the modern medicines we have now, we can predict those prone to heart attack in advance .
if detected at an early stage, heart attack can be prevented .
in case of a heart attack, it can be healed soon .
thus he spoke .
the disqualification period of the sikkim chief minister premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years .
so the stalemate has been removed for damang to contest in the byelection .
sikkim assembly elections were held along with loksabha elections .
sikkim granthikari morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election .
the leader of that party premsingh damang took charge as the chief minister of the state .
but damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case .
since this was confirmed by the supreme court also, he was imprisoned .
since a person sentenced to prison in a corruption case cannot contest in elections for 6 years, there was a controversy even while he assumed office .
in this scenario damang is contesting in the sikkim byelection .
damang is ruling in sikkim with the support of bjp .
meanwhile, damang has sent a letter to the election commission requesting to remove the 6 year ban imposed on him to contest in elections, quoting various sections of law .
the election commission has announced that it has reduced the ban period to one year and a month, after considering his letter .
thus there is no ban for damang to contest in the assembly byelection .
using the concession given to damang the bjp may start its political game in other states including tamilnadu .
statements may also be released from election commission fulfilling the wishes of the bjp in entirety .
government doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya has been suspended in the neet exam impersonation case .
also, a person called joseph who acted as the mediator in the impersonation case, was arrested in kerala .
udit surya, a student who was admitted to theni medical college was found to have impersonated in the neet exam .
subsequently, police filed a case against udit surya and his family .
but udit surya and his family escaped and absconded .
also udit surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court .
in this scenario, police arrested udit surya who was staying with family in tirupathi .
the family of udit surya was arrested together and was brought to theni and enquired for several hours .
during this enquiry, venkatesan the father udit surya agreed impersonating to make his son a doctor .
following the statement given by venkatesan the police all were produced in court and subsequently jailed .
the father of udit surya worked as government doctor in stanley hospital, chennai .
since he is arrested and jailed now, the government of tamil nadu has suspended him .
and based on the statement of acknowledgement given by venkatesan, a mediator joseph has been arrested in kerala .
he is to be brought to tamil nadu for enquiry .
doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya and doctor in the stanley government hospital, chennai has been suspended in neet exam impersonation case .
meanwhile, the cbcid police today conducted an enquiry in the neet exam coaching centre run by the mediator joseph in thiruvananthapuram .
it is said that joseph has been involved in impersonation scams in a large scale in the name of neet exam coaching centre .
hence doctor venkatesan the father of udit surya approached joseph easily .
also the cbcid police have been inspecting the documents in the coaching centre of joseph .
byelections for the vacant nanguneri and vikravandi constituencies in tamil nadu are to be held on 21st of next month october .
dmk contests in vikravandi constituency nanguneri is given to their ally in congress .
the general secretary of indian national congress and the tamil nadu in charge mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in nanguneri, last night .
ruby manoharan age 60 the president of kanchipuram north district is being announced as the candidate .
ruby manoharan is a native of marayapuram near marthandam in kanyakumari district .
he served in indian air force for 15 years, and is now running a construction company in chennai .
as a special event for the 141st birthday of periyar, letter reformation book was donated to 535 malaysian government tamil schools .
a book titled letter reformation of periyar was introduced in bukhitporundung and menthagob farm government tamil schools .
and this book will be sent to 535 tamil schools functioning in tamilnadu in phases .
in the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools functioning in bakang district and silangur district .
more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools .
and more than 7 thousand teachers are working .
this book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by periyar for tamil language .
during the releasing ceremony of the book mgovindhasamy delivered a speech explaining the editorial of drkveeramani .
during this event chinnaiya was felicitated with periyar volunteer award .
kk raman, a poet and a former tamil school principal and periyar kkraman read a poem about periyar .
it is noteworthy that poet shanmugam from thaiping was awarded with rational poet award also .
there were revolutionary movements before and after bagat singh .
but it is not just an appreciation that bagat singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and through that to indian politics .
today we can sense a feeling among people that revolutionists are blindfolded and don’t care for the lives of the people .
the period of bagat singh shows us their humanity and clear thoughts and capacity .
the name of bagat singh became popular in india after the incident of bombing assembly in april 1929 .
but in tamilnadu he became popular among the public after some time in 1930 .
but within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of tamilnadu .
this is something amazing in history, none of the north indian born leaders including gandhi gained fame in a very short time in tamilnadu .
periyar is the reason behind this .
an editorial titled bagat singh was published in kudiyarasu weekly just after a week of killing of bagat singh .
the editorial appreciated many characters of bagat sngh and also put forth few ideas about the political situation during that period .
excerpts of that editorial .
“if bagat singh was determined that his objectives and the path chosen by him to achieve them is correct, we are sure that he was supposed to act accordingly and if he had not acted so, then we can not call him as a great personality .
so we can now call him as a real man .
it is our strong opinion that india is really in need of the policies of bagat singh .
bagat singh would not have gained such fame if he was not executed .
also we would further say that if bagat singh had not been executed that would have aided the principles of gandhi further .
bagat singh, who would have burnt to ashes after dying due to a disease uselessly got a chance to die usefully showing a path of real equality and peace not only to the people of india but also to the people of the whole world .
we appreciate bagat singh generously that this immortality not easily endowed on everyone .
thus periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the magazine kudiyarasu .
meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher .
the hands of the girl were tied with a plastic tag, and she was taken in a police car to the juvenile assessment centre there her photo was taken with a name board bearing her name, as is normal procedure for criminals .
copies of her finger prints were also recorded .
later, this was reported to the girl’s family and she was handed over to them .
it was not known whether he took another child to the police station .
the grandmother kirkland who consented to disclose the identity of the girl, kaya roll, during her interview to the media, said “my granddaughter, who is suffering from ‘sleep apnea’ sometimes behaves like this due to the effects of her medication .
i was very shocked when i was told that she was arrested for this, it will be very tough for any 6 year old child to explain and understand this .
due to rain and floods in uttar pradesh, 73 persons have died in 4 days the meteorological department has given a red alert in most districts east of uttar pradesh .
in bihar’s capital patna, most of the places have been flooded from rain during the last four days, rail and road transport were disrupted .
due to heavy rain in the state of bihar, many trains were cancelled this morning .
yesterday, the chief minister of the state conducted a meeting via video conference .
all the schools were ordered to be closed until tuesday .
there has been heavy rain in uttarakhand, jammukashmir, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, and many have died in these states due to rain related incidents in the past few days .
uttar pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on friday .
the eastern part of the state is badly affected .
yesterday, pragyaraj received 425mm rain and varanasi received 62mm rain .
this is above the average rainfall for this year .
in various parts of the state 26 people died yesterday .
47 people died during the previous 2 days .
lucknow, amethi, harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain .
the chief minister yogi adityanath has ordered the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety measures .
during the past two days, 6 people died in rajasthan and in madhya pradesh .
three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in udaipur in rajasthan .
on friday, 3 people including a police constable died in rajasthan .
their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the incident spot .
a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released on the 24th .
michael sheyder is the leader of the group that prepared the report .
according to it, the nuclear energy sector, which accounted for 1746 percent of the world’s energy needs in 1996, decreased to 1015 percent in 2018 .
this decline showed that the countries in the world have gone beyond nuclear energy, towards energy that is renewable, and can be used for a long term .
nuclear energy has been pushed back and renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power are gaining a foothold all over the world .
every year many bodies come together and release a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector .
according to the statement released this year, the nuclear energy sector is declining all over the world .
the statement remarks that that the indian nuclear energy sector is also in a bad condition .
bill gates honoured indian prime minister modi by presenting the global goalkeeper for implementing clean india mission .
the indian government led by prime minister modi has announced and implemented the “clean india” scheme .
this scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2102014, the birthday of mahatma gandhi .
the objective of this scheme is to build bathrooms in houses, construct public toilets and creating solid waste management .
more than 10 crore worth of bathrooms have been built under this scheme, throughout the nation .
rural health care is being brought to 98 percent of the villages .
it was announced that modi will be awarded the global goalkeeper award on behalf of the bill and melinda gates foundation as a token of appreciation of this scheme .
in this scenario, the prime minister who was touring the united states was presented the global goalkeeper award today .
the world’s richest man, bill gates honoured modi by presenting the award in a meeting of the un security council .
the receiver of the award, prime minister modi, in his speech told that mahatma gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now come true .
modi also said that he dedicates the award to crores of indians who accomplished clean india mission and also made it as a part of their lives .
modi pointed the words of world health organisation that more than 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the clean india mission .
the present rain and floods has created a disastrous situation resulting in the spread of diseases, the ministry of health has announced .
the ministry of health has advised to avoid stepping into water bodies unnecessarily .
the disastrous situation caused by severe rains in several districts has abated, and people should be careful of this, the ministry of health said .
cases of children and old people getting hospitalised after being affected by the floods have increased .
therefore, the chief medical officer of risk management division hemanth herath, has requested those who are affected to be more careful regarding healthcare .
the ministry of education has released a media statement regarding the vacation leave of teachers and principals .
the statement released by the ministry of education says that suggestions and recommendations are being initiated to solve pay anomalies in the service of teachers and principals .
with the recommendations of the panel to solve pay anomalies of government services ready to be implemented from the first of january next year, to increase the salary of all staff including teachers and principals, the nonavailability of teachers and principals to their service on sick leave, based on the their pay anomalies is very unjust, the ministry of education has said .
it is the right of employees to engage in union activities .
though this is not challenged, being cheated by the opportunistic activities of the union that project the pay hike as a victory for their activities, even after knowing about their pay hike is not suitable for intelligent and dignified professions like teachers and principals .
the education minister sattatharani akilaviraj kariyavasam said in the parliament last july that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government .
the minister also said in parliament on the 7th of june, that the ministry of education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services .
the allowance for principals has been increased from rs650 to rs6,500 .
the promotions that were delayed from the start of 2015 are being initiated properly now .
the procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented .
in order to rescue the presidential service from politics and to solve the deficiencies in the standards of principals in that service, a competitive exam was conducted and around 6,000 people were inducted in the service .
during a short term duration of four and a half years activities including providing opportunity for teachers and principals to be trained in foreign, induction of 25,000 persons in teacher service were implemented .
the media statement released by the ministry of education has today further informed that these are initiated as the objectives for the development of human resources in education department .
there was a complaint regarding a chennai student about passing the neet exam by impersonating and securing admission to theni medical college .
subsequently, this case was transferred to cbcid .
following this, udit surya absconded along with his parents .
in this scenario, a special team caught udit surya, his father venkatesan, and his mother kayalvizhi in the tirupathi foothills .
a goa court has indicted bjp mla atanasio monserrate on the basis of a complaint regarding the rape of a girl .
atanasio was charged with complaint of raping a 16 year old girl .
last year, the police department submitted a 250 page charge sheet against him at the north goa district court .
the trial of this case will start on october 17 .
currently atanasio is a member of panaji assembly constituency .
his age is 55 the incident is alleged to have taken place in 2016, when the age of the girl was 16 .
the girl said that he had raped her by giving her drugs and that her mother had sold her to atanasio for rs50 lakhs .
it should be noted that atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail .
pakistan occupied kashmir was affected the most by the earthquake that struck yesterday evening with its centre in pakistan .
around 25 people died there .
more than 400 people were injured .
pakistan officials informed that an earthquake measuring 58 in the richter scale struck yesterday evening and had its centre in pok, there was a minimum of 25 deaths including women and children and around 400 persons were injured and many of them sustained severe injury .
the american geological survey has informed that the earthquake had its centre at the border separating punjab and pakistan occupied kashmir, 223 kilometer to the north of the river jhelum .
the earthquake was centered around 10 km .
it was felt in most places of punjab and few places of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
however, the “worst damage is in the mirpur district of kashmir occupied,” said the chief meteorologist of pakistan, mohammed riaz .
since the epicenter of the earthquake was near river jhelum, it has created a disaster in the regions lying between jatlan and khari sharif and hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged, said the commissioner of mirpur mohammed dayab .
he said that 12 persons died on the way the main hospital in mirpur and at the same time 13 persons died in various villages between jatlan and khari sharif .
150 persons who are wounded are being treated at dhq hospital .
many were sent to rawalpindi for further treatment .
mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply was cut off in rural areas .
because of this people were unable to either contact their near ones or obtain help .
election king padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the nanguneri byelection .
padmarajan who belongs to veerakkaval pudhur village in mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as vajpayee, manmohan singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi and rajasekara reddy .
in the election for the president he has run against abdul kalam, pranab mukherjee, and ramnath govind .
he has spent rs32 lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination .
don’t consider him a rich person by these deeds, he just belongs to middle class .
in this scenario he contests in the byelection for the nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer natesan, yesterday .
he says that he is running for election in nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the guinness book of records, rather than actually winning .
he says that his name is already in the limca book of records, and once his name is included in the guinness book of records, he will stop competing in elections .
this election king, padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in india .
vikram lander collided heavily against moons floor nasa releases photo evidence .
lroc orbiter of nasa has sent the photos of the spot where vikram lander of chandrayaan2 made a crash landing in the southern pole of moon .
vikram lander of the space ship chandrayaan2 sent by isro landed in the south pole region of the moon on last 7th .
but communication with it was lost in the last minute .
it was considered that the fast crash landing of vikram lander instead of a soft landing on moons surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost .
in this scenario, lroc orbiter of nasa crossed the south pole region on the moon on the 17th of last month .
during that time it filmed the valley between the ridges symphalius n and mansinus c in a sophisticated method and has sent them .
examination of these pictures confirms that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
hence it is seen at a distance from the place of landing .
regarding this deputy project director of nasas lroc said, “lroc orbiter crossed the south pole region of moon on last 17th .
it has sent the photos that were taken during the evening darkness .
upon examining them it was obvious that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
however, the landing site of vikram lander cannot be found accurately .
lroc will cross the south pole region again on the 14th of next month .
since there will be more light during that time, there are more chances to film vikram lander,” he told .
the ideology of modi and american president trump are the same .
modi is campaigning for us president trump without caring about economy .
in the rule of central bjp the concept of federal governance is being questioned, accused sitaram yechuri in a conference held in pudhuchery .
the marxist communist party conducted a seminar titled state rights and antipeople bills in kamban auditorium pudhuchery .
the all india general secretary of marxist communist party sitaram yechuri participated and delivered a special lecture .
in his lecture in the seminar he said the campaign of bjp mentioning one nation, one culture, one election, and one education system has questioned the plurality of india .
if you reject the antidemocratic stand of the government you may be branded antiindian and arrested .
an amendment for law has been made .
he accused that human rights violations are taking place to the extent of calling you as a terrorist for criticizing bjp or posting in social media and being sent to prison and also said that there is an economic crisis in the country .
because the buying power of the people is very low .
but the government has donated 2 lakh crores to rich owners .
everyone should take part in the agitation against this antipeople government that will be held from october 1016 .
continuing his speech he said, the prime minister is campaigning for trump without caring about the nation and economy .
when an actor came from bangladesh for campaigning, the indian government blocked it .
but modi has gone to america and has campaigned for the return of trump as the president .
thus modi has confirmed that the ideology of both is the same .
the concept of federal governance is being questioned in the rule of bjp in the center .
the promises made in the constitution are being spoiled, alleged sitaram yechuri .
balakrishnan, the tamilnadu state secretary of marxist communist party, pudhuchery district secretary rajangam and other leaders participated in the conference .
the minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and fisheries, and aquatic resources development department pherison has said that compensation for all farmers who are enrolled in the agricultural insurance board and that have paid the insurance installment, will be paid within 2 weeks .
the agricultural insurance board has issued an advisory regarding this .
3,000 farmers of the ambarai, monarakalai and athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss .
the minister made this clear during a discussion in the meeting that was held in the auditorium of the ministry of rural economy .
the postal voting for the elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow .
the president of the election commission, mahinda desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month .
facilities for this have been made at the galle district election office .
one has to carry their national identity card or the identity card permitted by the election commission .
two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of periyar in malaysia .
pahang district, mentakab gardens .
around 100 students are studying in this tamil school founded in 1928 .
on 1792019 periyar library was opened here by govindhasamy, president of farm administrators saba and worker in the dravidian movement .
msuma the headmistress of this school, presided over the event .
members of the school’s administrative board, parent teachers association, teachers, students and periyar workers avudayar, raman, chinnaiah participated in this event .
flavoured drinks and fruits were served to students .
periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school .
bukitraja gardens, killan city .
around 160 students are studying in the tamil school here .
periyar centre was opened here .
around 500 books were donated to the centre .
msmallika palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event .
periyar workers and comrades of dravida kazhakam took part in the event .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
books of periyar were donated to teachers .
kadong gardens, banding city .
there are around 100 students and 15 teachers at this school .
the function was held in the presence of the assistant headmistress of the school mrskanagam .
periyar library was opened on 2392019 with over 400 donated books .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
periyar books were gifted to teachers .
the above events were excellently arranged by m govindhasamy .
it is notable that lectures about periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools .
as a continuation of tamil leader drveeramani, an explanation of the periyarism works is given in all the events .
the candidate of the left democratic alliance, mani ckappan has won kerala’s pala assembly constituency byelection .
km mani was a part of congress alliance though he started a new party after splitting from congress .
km mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of kerala .
km mani who served as a central minister and a minister in various departments of kerala, died in last april .
hence the byelection was announced for pala assembly constituency .
the election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month .
mani ckappan ran as the candidate of left front, jose tom pulikkunnel as the candidate of congress alliance, and kottayam hari ran as the candidate of bjp in this constituency .
the votes polled in this election were counted this morning .
the left candidate mani c kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election .
his opponent from congress alliance received 51,194 votes .
mani ckappan the left front candidate, won by a margin of 2,943 votes .
kottayam hari who ran as the bjp candidate received 18,044 votes .
during the 2016 election, bjp received 24,821 votes in this constituency .
bjp has now lost 6,000 votes due to the byelection .
for the past 54 years, congress alliance has dominated in pala constituency .
now the left has put an end to this domination .
there may be severe rains in the coastal areas from batticaloa to maththarai due to the low pressure system in the southwest of the country .
there may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from kangesanthurai and trincomalee to batticaloa .
there may be isolated rains or rain with thunder in the other coastal areas of the country during the evening or night .
in the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the southwest direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour .
during these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 7080 kms per hour .
the department of meteorology has mentioned in its weather report for coastal areas today that in such instances, the sea will be especially turbulent .
in a meeting conducted in new york, united states, prime minister modi insisted that india should be added as a member of the nuclear suppliers group of countries .
prime minister modi is on a 7 day government trip to the united states .
prime minister modi will speak at the un annual general council meeting tomorrow .
he is taking part in various programs and meeting world leaders in connection with this .
as part of that, he met the american president donald trump in the howdy modi event in houston, united states .
the leaders of the two countries discussed various affairs including their bilateral relationship, industry, trade, defence, global issues and the kashmir issue .
subsequently, many ceos of american companies participated in the meeting of the bloomberg world trade forum meeting in new york yesterday .
prime minister modi took part in this and spoke as follows .
producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for india .
the reason is that india is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group .
india will serve as an example for the whole world, if given this chance .
thus prime minister modi spoke .
most of the world’s nuclear trade is controlled by the nuclear suppliers group .
to become a member of this group, india is continuously taking many steps .
though the united states and other countries supported india’s entry, china objected to this, citing india has not signed the nuclear proliferation treaty .
however, it should be noted that on march, 6 american companies announced the setting up of nuclear reactors in india .
burial urn found near pallipalayam .
electricity board staff dug a pit on september 26th for erecting an electric pole in bharathi nagar in kokkarayanpettai, pallipalayam in namakkal district .
a pot was found during the excavation .
upon further excavation, it was found as burial urn .
bones were seen inside .
upon receiving this information, people from the revenue department arrived at the location and collected the bones in the urn .
regarding this, the people in the area were told, “ kokkarayanpettai is located in river side .
hence, more historical symbols can be found if the archaeology department conducts further investigations” .
the all indian council for technical education aicte, the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically .
higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by aicte .
the syllabus for the colleges affiliated with anna university is framed by the university administration .
as per the guidelines released by aicte in june 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 noncurriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters .
the list had 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values and ethics, ethics and best lifestyle, documentation of photos and videos .
the students enrolled in the first year at anna university campus colleges, such as college of engineering, guindy, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering and madras institute of technology in chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects .
among them, btech information technology students selected philosophy among the 12 available subjects .
in the 5th unit of philosophy under the title “knowledge is power”, things told in the bhagavad gita in connection with realising our power, the teachings of lord krishna to arjuna in the bhagavad gita, for controlling our thoughts is being included in syllabus .
meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in tamil nadu to the sudden introduction of the bhagavad gita in the syllabus by anna university .
leaders including the leader of dravidar kazhagam and editor kveeramani, dmk leader mkstalin, teachers, student federations, writers and various parties all condemned this, saying that it was against secularism, and that this planned introduction of religious matters into the syllabus was irrational .
to protest against anna university for suddenly making the bhagavad gita into a lesson, it was announced that a protest will be conducted near anna university by the student wing of the dmk on october 1 .
his objective is to embrace all with equal status .
the minister for the department of housing and construction culture sajit premadasa has informed that his objective is to embrace all people irrespective of race, caste, political party .
during the press conference held at colombo yesterday .
he also said, based on this a declaration of democratic policy that would make the mother land proud will be released soon .
there is no expectation to strengthen the executive power .
he also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries .
the minister sajit premadasa pointed that those involved in corruption will not be allowed to join the presidential election campaign or in the political journey .
dmk high command has nominated 68 mlas in field for vikravandi byelection duty .
byelection for both vikaravandi and nanguneri constituencies are to be held on october21 .
in these constituencies dmk and congress contests against aiadmk in vikravandi and nanguneri respectively .
since aiadmk will give a tough fight in vikravandi constituency with the support of pmk, it is said that the dmk president stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the district secretary ponmudi .
the number of dmk mlas is 100 among them 68 mlas have been nominated in charge of vikravandi byelection by the dmk high command .
32 mlas belonging to the southern states alone are exempted .
they were also being requested to support congress in nanguneri constituency .
ponmudi has been appointed as the president of election working committee and jagathratchagan mp has been appointed as the secretary .
others including aangayarkanni, salem selvaganapathi, and aks vijayan were also appointed .
further, 10 mps were employed in byelection work .
during the election that was held only for velur constituency after parliamentary election, the dmk high command did not depute any mps for the election work .
then stalin advised them to carry on their works as usual .
now they were also given an assignment .
cbi raids the house of former bengaluru police commissioner .
cbi is conducting a search operation in the house of former bengaluru police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities .
after the collapse of the kumarasamy led government in karnataka, bharatiya janata came to power .
yeddyurappa was sworn in as the chief minister .
in this scenario, the audio conversation of baskar rao, who was appointed as the bengaluru police commissioner, featuring a political personality for the post of commissioner was released, and created a stir .
bharatiya janata party complained about phone tapping during the kumarasamy regime .
bharatiya janata leaders were continuously complaining about the telephone tapping of more than 300 persons including the coordinator of the bharatiya janata coalition government sidhdharamaiah, his assistants, and few leaders of secular janata dal, mlas, and higher officials .
the leaders of this party insisted that a proper inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken regarding this .
also, many personalities including the senior congress leaders mallikarjun karge, siddharamaiah, and former minister for police mppatil insisted on an inquiry regarding this .
in his explanation, kumarasamy has said that none of the telephones were tapped and the complaint regarding this is not true, and that he is ready for any type of inquiry .
this telephone tapping has taken karnataka politics by storm .
in this scenario, the chief minister yeddyurappa recommended a cbi inquiry in connection with this .
the cbi has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry .
cbi officials conducted a sudden search in the house of former police commissioner alekkumar, in bengaluru .
this search was conducted based on information that he had stored the data regarding the tapping of phones of political personalities in a pen drive .
whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over .
prime minister narendra modi gave a speech in the united nations general council today on behalf of india .
during his speech he made scathing attacks against terrorism .
during his speech he reminded india is a land where saints like buddha, vivekananda and kaniyan poonkundranar lived .
modi said our country has given buddhas message of peace of buddha to the world, not the war .
hence we are always raising our voice against terrorism .
we also warn the world to be free from the clutches of terrorism .
famous poet kaniyan poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in india has sung, “world is one, all are relations” in tamil, the worlds ancient language .
it means all the places are connected to us .
and the people of the whole world are our relatives .
this is the uniqueness of india .
we don’t consider terrorism as threat to india alone .
we consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity .
hence the whole world must rally against terrorism .
the great spiritual leader swami vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the world religions conference held in chicago 125 years ago .
that message is, “peace and harmony alone is the need .
and not the differences of opinion .
today, i also put forth the same on behalf of the largest democracy in the world .
our message to the world is ‘peace and harmony alone’ .
thus modi remarked in his speech .
sajith premadasa will compete in the sri lankan presidential election as the candidate of united national party .
the sri lankan president election is to be held on november 16 .
gotabaya rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of sri lanka podujana peramuna .
parties including jvp have also announced their candidates .
there was prolonged confusion regarding the candidate of prime minister ranil’s united national party .
it is said that ranil wanted to compete in the president election .
similarly, there was news that the president maithribala sirisena is trying to compete as a common candidate .
it was ranil’s belief that he could garner tamil votes in case of contesting .
sirisena planned for an easy win by sending ranil to prison without allowing him to complete .
but both these plans failed .
now sajith premadasa is projected to be the candidate of united national party .
it should also be noted that sajith is the son of former president premadasa .
proving his strength by uniting his supporters, sajith has emerged as the presidential candidate .
while addressing a grand public meeting in kaluththurai, mathukama region yesterday sajith ferociously said i am not controlled by anyone, i have self respect .
he indirectly attacked ranil .
a reservation put forth by thanthai periyar is under threat in tamil nadu, remarked former minister and member of legislative assembly evvelu .
the birthdays of thanthai periyar and scholar anna were celebrated in the dhivya education institution, chetpet, on thursday .
the correspondent of the dhivya education institution, bselvarasan presided over the function .
the chief guest, former minister evvelu said .
during the rule of many kings including chera, chola, pandya, chalukya and krishnadeva raya, women were not told to study .
but it was only periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property .
scholar anna executed this .
following that path, in the rule of dmk leader kalaignar, women were given reservation and equal rights in property, samacheer kalvi, eligibility criteria and others .
thanthai periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives .
the policy of thanthai periyar is being threatened now .
while we are creating many doctors based on their qualification through samacheer kalvi, we are cheated in the name of neet, he said .
the event was held in the presence of the secretary of the education institution, senthil kumar, deputy president praveen kumar, and administrative advisor podhana praveen kumar .
member of bolur constituency kvsekaran, former mlas rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, chetpet and dmk town secretary murugan spoke at the event .
the principal of the polytechnic college, murugan delivered the vote of thanks .
tamil nadu tourism development corporation hosted many competitions for students on world tourism day, during celebrations conducted at tamil nadu hotel in madurai .
the culinary artists of this hotel, together prepared 101 dishes and displayed them .
dishes made of millets, foods of the madurain region, varieties of rice dishes, gravies, vegetable curries, tiffins and sweets were prepared .
they also prepared north indian and foreign dishes .
it was said that all the variety of foods that are available in a normal hotel, to those of a five star hotel are available in the tamil nadu hotel .
infact protrainers and seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at jerusalem college, in pallikaranai, chennai .
more than 26 banks and non banking financial institutions took part in the event .
more than 7000 youths and students participated .
during his speech, the executive director of infact protrainers balaji said that he felt proud that the banking companies have said that more than 1500 youths have the chance to be selected .
we arranged this camp only for the benefit of unemployed graduate youths and students .
we have conducted this camp without getting any money from the students or from the companies .
it is our objective to conduct these camps continuously at various places and create a society of employed youth .
the 5th phase of excavation is underway at keezhadi in sivagangai district near madurai, on behalf of the tamil nadu archaeology department .
having said that, the excavation which started on 13 june and will be completed on september 30, is to be continued for an additional 15 days .
in this situation, the public, archaeology enthusiasts, and students from various parts of tamil nadu are visiting keezhadi .
minister mafa pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in keezhadi .
he has said that the museum will be setup at an initial cost of 1 crore .
america has stressed to take necessary steps to ease restrictions in jammu kashmir and release all those in preventive detention .
in the 74th meeting of united nations, the deputy secretary for south and central asian affairs alice wells said .
the preventive detention of so many persons in jammu kashmir is worrying .
the indian government should start political activities in that state .
so elections should be held soon as promised .
the restrictions in jammu kashmir need to be eased and those who are detained should be released .
alice wells stressed that the indian government should take necessary steps for that soon .
earlier there was information that trump wants to mediate in jammu kashmir issue .
india strongly objected to this .
then america withdrew its opinion .
subsequently prime minister went to america to participate in united nations general council meeting .
at first modi and donald trump participated in howdy modi event in houston .
later they both attended many events jointly .
at that time, trump praised modi as the father of india .
in this situation, america has now pressurized india on the kashmir issue .
it has been decided in the meeting of the iit council to hike the fees by 10 times in all the technical education institutions throughout india .
technical education institutions called iit education institutions play an important role in creating skilled students all over india .
the meeting of iit council comprising the directors of iit education institutions that are functioning under the central human resources department was held on 2892019, headed by the cabinet minister ramesh pokhriyal .
the decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public .
it has been decided to increase the fees for mtech in iit institutions by 10 times .
in all the iits in india a sum of rs20, 000 to rs50, 000 only is collected as tuition fee per semester .
now that fee has been increased up to rs2 lakhs per year .
in the academic year 20192020, out of the 12 thousand students studying first year, 9,280 students are qualified for scholarship it has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees that is being provided to mtech students .
the central government is going to reduce the fund that is being given to delhi, chennai, mumbai, karagpur, rourkee and guwahati iit institutions .
in order to face the deficit, the central government has increased the fees that are being collected from the students .
also it is said that these institutions are advised to take developmental works with the aid of the construction activities taken up by these technical education institutions and also it has been advised to obtain loans and to get financial aid from corporate companies .
since coming to power, bjp has been doing its level best to block the education that is being given to common men, in the budget for the year 2015 it reduced the fund for primary education, and subsequently it has been drastically reducing the fund for education in each budget .
following this, as a way of providing more facilities to private education institutions, it has been continuously granting permission for big shots to start education institutions .
in this scenario, without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy, it has introduced various rules making the education institutions to function using the fund provided by private institutions .
through these steps it is involved in making only rich people be able to get education from primary level to higher education and making india an illiterate country in the future taking india back to many centuries .
the book “the art of cartoon” written by ranu, released by the editor of kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam was received by former ias officer karpura sundarapandiyan .
the publishing ceremony of the book “the art of cartoon” written by late “cartoonist” ranu alias skramanujam was held at russian cultural centre, chennai on sunday .
the secretary of indorussian trade corporation pthangappan presided over the function .
the author of the kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former ias officer and the president of siddhar research centre rkarpura sundarapandiyan .
the chief guest of the event karpura sundarapandiyan in his speech said .
late cartoonist ranu alias ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists .
ranu has created many students through cartoon research and the education foundation .
generally, a person who is celebrated throughout the world may not be a celebrity in his own family .
in contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of ranu has released his book after his death .
though ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book .
in his speech, keezhambur sankara subramaniam said, skramanujam was a leading cartoonist in india .
he travelled throughout the world and trained students in drawing cartoons .
he was an innovative artist in creating cartoons .
ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation .
he researched the art of cartoon, according to the indian environment for the past 30 years .
he will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons .
the coordinator of ranu cartoon research and education foundation rboopathi delivered the vote of thanks .
many including nallathambi, television executive cperera participated in the function .
how many check dams were constructed in the 8 year admk rule, dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy .
in a statement released by the partys treasurer duraimurugan regarding this, he has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without any knowledge about the public works department .
in his statement the dmk president duraimurugan has stated, the water released in cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration .
as a leader of the opponent party in the legislative assembly, our leader mkstalin has voiced his concern with responsibility that the admk government has no proper plans to save the water of cauvery on its way .
edappadi palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “has the dmk party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?” .
“what i want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across cauvery at mayanur .
can a chief minister, who has public works department also with him, give wrong details without even knowing this detail? .
that check dam built in mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area .
so agriculture prospered .
so you can see that thousands of people belonging to farmer community from that area who are the beneficiaries even today are grateful to dmk forever .
the check dam was built in mayanur according to the need that arisen during at that time .
there was no need to build more check dams then .
had there been any need, the then chief minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works .
so edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about cauvery .
i am asking during the past eight year admk rule, how many check dams have you built across cauvery? .
another question during dmk ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in tamilnadu .
can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous admk regimes? .
don’t lie .
if you have any answer to the accusation of the opponent leader, show us with evidences about the places of construction or about the proposed plans .
leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across cauvery during the dmk regime may be fine for edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said duraimurugan .
the state bank of india has decided to fix the interest based on the repo rates from 1st october .
the reserve bank of india has so far reduced the interest for short term lending repo by 11 percent in four instalments continuously, considering the economic growth of the country .
but there is a complaint that the banks did not even pass half of this benefit onto customers .
at present, banks are determining the interest based on mclr method .
the reserve bank has ordered the fixing of interest rates based on treasury bill and repo interest rate, released by the government for obtaining short term loans, from 1st october .
accordingly, the state bank of india sbi has announced that it has decided to fix housing, vehicle loans and sme loans based on the mclr rate as a scale .
the sri lankan administrative service association is deciding to suspend its union activities temporarily .
the president of the association, prabhath chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet subcommittee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the presidential election .
based on this, he expressed hope that the administrative services, including the department of registration of persons, the emigration and immigration department, and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will all function as usual .
chandrakeerthi also said that the administrative service association expects a favourable outcome regarding their pay anomaly in talks with the ministerial sub committee in the cabinet meeting that is to be held this coming tuesday .
the cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan will be played today .
this is the first match of the one day match series between sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams, and it starts today in karachi .
this match is to start at 330pm sri lankan time .
this is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in pakistan .
the coach of the sri lankan team asantha d mel has expressed his satisfaction over the security arrangements being made for the sri lankan team in pakistan .
he also said that the sri lankan team has been provided a security detail like that of a government leader or equivalent .
three one day internationals and three t20 matches will be conducted between the sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams .
the international cricket council has appointed michael gough and yowilson as the umpires for the one day series .
the technical snag in the flight bound to malaysia was detected while in the runway .
174 passengers escaped with their lives, as the flight was halted subsequently .
malindo flight arrives in trichy everyday at 1035 pm from the malaysian capital kualalumpur .
then it departs to kualalumpur at 1125 pm from trichy .
as usual the flight arrived at trichy in the night of day before yesterday .
then the flight started with passengers to kualalumpur from trichy .
there were 174 passengers in the flight .
the pilot detected a technical fault in the eliminator of the plane while in the runway .
so he halted the flight in the runway .
then the flight was brought to the starting point in the airport and was halted .
engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault .
so the passengers were seated in the flight for two hours .
but as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane .
subsequently 138 passengers were lodged in a private lodge .
other passengers either rescheduled their travel dates or cancelled their tickets and returned back to their homes .
if the plane had taken flight with technical fault, it would have resulted in an accident .
but due to the timely detection of the technical fault by the pilot, the plane did not fly .
so it is remarkable that all the 174 passengers escaped their lives .
in this scenario, the technical fault in the plane was repaired .
subsequently the flight departed to kualalumpur yesterday evening at around 5 pm with 138 passengers .
the indian health department has announced that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far by dengue fever that spreads through ‘aedes’ mosquitoes .
in tamil nadu and pudhuchery, more than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever so far .
dengue fever is spreading rapidly in tamil nadu and pudhuchery .
indian media have said that a 12 year old girl and a student in krishnagiri, died the day before yesterday .
in chennai govt hospitals, 135 people were admitted and are being treated .
it has been raining in various places in tamil nadu during the past few days .
so special teams have been formed by the municipal administration and health department throughout tamil nadu and dengue fever activities are monitored .
the country’s health department has also advised the dengue fever victims to get treatment in government hospitals .
the deadline to link aadhar with the pan number is extended until december 31 .
the deadline to link aadhar number with permanent income tax account number pan number has been extended till december 31 .
this is the seventh time that the central board of direct taxes cbdt has extended the deadline for linking panaadhar .
already, this deadline has been extended for 6 months from march 31 to september 30 .
now this duration has been extended for a further 3 months .
the unique identification authority of india uidai is providing each indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the aadhar number .
the income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a permanent income tax account number pan number for tax paying individuals and companies .
the central board for direct taxes has made an announcement on 01 july 2017 to link the aadhar number with the income tax number .
the deadline to link aadharpan has been extended many times .
meanwhile, the supreme court which is investigating the case filed against providing the aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last september, declaring the aadhar scheme to be legal .
also, the supreme court made a ruling that the aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax .
it was announced in the central budget on the 5th of last july, that using the aadhar number instead of the pan number when filing income tax would be sufficient .
dmk leader mk stalin today visited the keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the tamil culture in the banks of river vaigai .
the results of the keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient tamil literature is the life of the real tamils, and is not just fiction .
the urban civilisation in the banks of the river ganges started during 6th century bc .
but the tamils of the banks of the river vaigai in the south were at the peak of urban civilisation during 6th century bc tamils led a wealthy life with very high literacy and knowledge, and this was scientifically proven by evidence from the excavation .
the results of the keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the indian subcontinent .
the public is visiting the keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every tamilian .
recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar katchi seeman visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
following him, today the dmk leader, mkstalin visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
the cpm mp svenkatesan and many leading executives of dmk accompanied him .
in connection with this, stalin has uploaded a video of his visit to his twitter page under the title “while visiting the keezhadi sites that reminded the world about the tamil civilisation” .
trump wants the ukraine president to be investigated! .
the white house has confirmed the information released about donald trump’s telephone request to conduct an investigation of the former vicepresident joe biden, a probable presidential candidate of the democratic party .
an impeachment resolution is being proposed against trump by democrats in the house of representatives, citing such an action to initiate an inquiry against an american leader by pressuring another country is wrong .
regarding this, upon the order of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, 6 committees have been formed and an investigation is being initiated .
trump contacted the ukraine president volodymyr zelensky via phone on july 25 during that conversation trump asked him to conduct an investigation .
yesterday, the white house officially released a report regarding the conversation between the presidents of the two countries .
hence it is accepted that such a conversation is true .
meanwhile, during his interaction with the reporters after leaving a united nations meeting, trump said this was a friendly request .
there was no pressure on the ukrainian president .
but one notable issue in this is the sudden stopping of aid worth around 400 million dollars that is being given to ukraine by the american government .
that aid was later allocated .
the cadres of the democratic party see a connection between this and the conversation between trump and the ukrainian president .
hence, this incident is creating a storm in the american politics .
hunter, the son of joe biden was appointed as a paid board member of burisma holdings of ukraine in april, 2014 .
it is notable that this company is involved in natural gas exploration activities in crimea, a ukrainian peninsula annexed by russia .
an official enquiring a scam against burisma holdings was dismissed .
the republic party alleges that joe biden is behind this .
despite this, hunter biden continues to deny this charge of using his family connection to further his own professional benefit .
a government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, has created a stir .
minister sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in tn palayam near gobi, erode district .
when the journalists were taking photos of him, the assistant executive engineer of tamil nadu water and drainage board, muthulingam, was interrupting them .
the reporters said “sir, please move to that side” .
he said “whom do you want to move, are you such a great man” and tried to attack the journalists .
minister sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave .
subsequently, higher officials chased muthulingam from the function .
however, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him .
when he learned about this, minister sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of tamil nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol .
also it is said that he has requested them to suspend muthulingam .
historical evidence to establish the fame of keezhadi was found out in the 5th phase of excavation, said minister pandiyarajan .
during his speech, after visiting in the presence of jayakanthan, the minister of khadi and village industries gbaskaran, the minister of tamil official language and tamil culture told the press .
the 5th phase of archaeological excavation is proving to be a turning point in the historical analysis of ancient tamil nadu .
the prosperity of keezhadi dates from 6 bc to 1 ad .
the evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river vaigai .
the scientific estimation in the keezhadi excavation has dated the tamilbrami back a further 100 years this study has revealed that the tamil society was a literate community in 6 bc .
also the samples of 70 pieces of bone that were excavated in this study were sent for scientific analysis to deccan college, the masters and research institution .
these pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock .
this study shows that animals such as cow, buffalo, and goat were used in agriculture, and the scars found in the bone samples of antelope, goat and wild boar shows that these animals were used for eating .
the results of this analysis show that the ancient community which was primarily engaged in agriculture, also engaged in livestock farming .
the samples of roofing made of brick and limestone, and the coating of sheath wells, were being sent for analysis to velur technical university .
during the study, minerals such as silica sand, limestone, iron, aluminium and magnesium were found in each of these .
work is in progress to construct a museum in the prime location to preserve such rare findings and to make keezhadi to be useful for tamil scholars, students and the public .
furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation will be extended for two more weeks, and the works will be continued .
similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the minister for tamil official language and tamil culture .
the manamadurai mla snagarajan, former member of parliament senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology jeevanandam, guardian asaithambi, thiruppuvanam tahsildar raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event .
a glittering function was conducted on behalf of the andhra club by ashiana subham senior housing company with fashion show for the elderly, dance, song and celebration for the international day for the older persons .
a 92 year old granny gave a dance performance of the snake song and stunned everyone .
actress ambika, singer lreswari and poornima kumar gave prizes to ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple .
the events were organised by poornima kumar of virgo events .
businessman nalli kuppusamy chetti, actress ambika, singer lr eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition .
15 grannies participated in the fashion show .
haripriya won the first prize .
sureka, radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively .
smart grandpas wore fashion dresses and marched .
manick won the first place and kannan won the 2nd place .
suzanne, kala and vanaja won the best dancing granny prize .
in the mr and mrs chennai competition, ramanan couple won first place and seenivasan balambal couples won second place .
the families of the elderly participated and encouraged them .
92 year old lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise .
like women’s day and valentines day, older persons day should be celebrated in a grand manner said poornima kumar of virgo events .
labour commissioner muthumanickam participates in the international labour organisation meeting .
the international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations .
throughout all the countries in the world the labour laws are framed only upon the basis of the traditions and recommendations of international labour organisation of the united nations .
a review of such traditions and recommendations will be held till the 27th in the campus of international labour organisation in geneva, switzerland .
this meeting will consult and discuss all the traditions and recommendations, and forward them to be referred by the administrative council .
the chief deputy labour commissioner of the ministry of central labour and employment muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the indian government .
international labour unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in this tripartite meeting .
a news release by the deputy chief labour commissioner said this is the first time that a deputy chief labour commissioner is being sent as the representative of india for such a job .
meanwhile, sachandrasekar, the father of actor and director vijay, came to tuticorin today via a flight from chennai, in order to participate in a program at nagarcoil in kanyakumari district .
he was asked about the vijay’s speech and the opposition of aiadmk .
in his reply he stated, “subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road .
everyone is talking about this incident .
vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about .
even the court had asked why the persons involved in subasri’s incident have still not been arrested .
in this scenario, it is not unknown why ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone,” he said when asked, “is vijay’s speech a sign of political entry?” .
he said “it doesn’t seem so for me .
and started saying, “let me go, it's urgent” .
the deputy chief minister opaneer selvam today inspected the flats of the tamilnadu slum clearance board located in valliswaran koil thottam, raja annamalaipuram, chennai and listened to the grievances of the public .
the 488 flats which were built during 197980 are in a severely damaged condition .
the deputy chief minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed .
the deputy chief minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sqft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sqft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of rs6789 under housing for all scheme .
he also informed that, with the quotations for this scheme finalized, the works for demolishing the existing flats and construction of new flats will be executed soon .
the deputy chief minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then .
opaneer selvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been constructed for homeless poor people and houses will be constructed for all before 2023 .
ravi mla and officials were present .
the carnatic music competition for young artists is held by the indira sivasailam foundation .
as a prelude to the indira sivasailam foundation annual music festival at the chennai music academy, the indira sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “anwesha quest for the best” .
the “anwesha bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “the music academy advanced school of carnatic music” and the awardees of the indira sivasailam foundation .
the participants of the anwesha bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in carnatic music via video format to the facebook page of the indira sivasailam foundation .
this year around 100 participants from tamil nadu, andhra, telengana, karnataka and kerala including a few participants from usa and middle eastern countries uploaded their material to participate .
the team of judges included professor ritha rajan, drrsjayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of the music academy advanced school of carnatic music, and the recipient of this year’s indira sivasailam foundation medal, drbandhula .
apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 1015 flute and violin, competitions for artists of ages 1620 have also been introduced this year .
the participants of all 3 categories in this event showcased their talents .
the details of the winners of the anwesha 2019 competition are as follows .
swathika, dhuruv spathangi and in the musical instrument category kamatchi ambathiputhi, aprameya seshadri are the winners .
rtshyam raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 1620 years .
the members of anwesha judges team were drbandhula rama, professor ritha rajan, dr rsjayalakshmi and sunita subramanian of the indira sivasailam foundation presented the prizes to the winners .
the visitors and participants who came to witness the event lauded the efforts of the indira sivasailam foundation that protects the art form of carnatic music .
an indian girl who fought against child marriage awarded with bill gates foundation award .
a 17 year old girl from rajasthan awarded with “change maker” award by bill gates foundation, for fighting against child marriage and child labor .
payal jankit 17 hails from hinsla village, 100 kms from jaipur in rajasthan district .
she seriously campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labor that was prevalent in her village .
she made this campaign in a few villages near her village also .
so many child marriages were stopped in that area .
to honor this act bill and melinda gates foundation has announced her award .
in this scenario, the award ceremony was conducted on tuesday night at new york, america .
payal jankit received the award from deputy general secretary amina jmohammed .
in her speech after receiving the award payal said, “there were many problems in our village .
particularly, girl child will not be sent out for studies .
they will be married at a very young age .
my family decided to marry me also at a very young age .
at that time, i approached a social activist and pacified my father .
subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school .
we went door by door and created awareness about this among all .
parents should create an opportunity for each child to enhance their lives” .
a period of public amnesty has been announced again in jordan .
the embassy of jordan has announced that this period of public amnesty which started on september 22, will be in force until november 29, the bureau of foreign employment has said .
during this amnesty period, foreign employees who went to jordan on a business visa and have stayed beyond the stipulated time, can return to the country without paying any fine .
however, foreigners who travelled on tourist visas and are staying beyond the stipulated period illegally, can leave after paying a fine, the embassy of jordan has said .
such a public amnesty period had been announced last february in jordan for foreigners who were illegally staying there, requiring them to leave the country .
is bjp indulging in caste politics to gain a foothold in tamil nadu? .
being unable to make its lotus blossom in tamil nadu after so many unsuccessful attempts, it is said that bjp is finally indulging in caste politics .
during the first tenure of modi as prime minister, lotus was in a position to be searched in tamil nadu .
twice during the justconcluded mp election, amit shah said sternly “i won’t care about what you may do lotus must blossom in tamil nadu” .
but it lost in all 5 constituencies it had contested .
although the whole nation supported bjp, there is still an antibjp wave in tamil nadu .
triple talaq, the kashmir problem, enforcing hindi, and one nation one language problems were above all these .
all these problems have added to the woes of the party .
hence it is said that bjp high command is very angry with the tamil nadu bjp executives, and there is a problem with even the state president not being nominated .
however, bjp is planning to gain a stronghold in tamil nadu at any cost, before the upcoming elections .
from direct field reports, it seems that the bjp high command has almost reached a decision .
accordingly there is a thought among the people of nadar, vanniyar and devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both admk and dmk .
so they are upset with the dravidian parties, it is said .
bjp has cleverly started playing this card .
it is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post .
the appointment of tamilisai soundararajan as the telengana governor is such a move .
similarly, it is said that the bjp government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in isro .
it is true that this action of bjp to honour each community will make the people of that community feel proud and happy .
also, this caste politics will reward bjp with what it cannot achieve by other means .
at the same time, with tamil nadu already being spoiled by caste politics, it is not known if these activities of bjp will further fan the flames .
incase the caste feelings are fanned further, bjp will lose even the smallest gains it has made so far! .
drunkard kills a laborer near villupuram .
a laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in valavanur, villupuram .
tension prevailed as the subinspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked .
thanigairaj 28 is the son of pichaikaran of kengarampalayam colony at valavanur near villupuram .
he was a laborer .
ayyanar 33 is the son of kasinathan from the same area .
these two often engaged in disputes and confrontations in that area in an inebriated state .
there were cases on these two in valavanur police station also .
in this scenario, the tender coconut seller ayyanar, used to threaten people regularly with a sickle used to cut tender coconuts, during night times in an inebriated state .
in this aspect, after consuming alcohol on saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle .
during that time due to pre existing animosity ayyanar went to the house of thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him .
in the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts .
thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot .
subsequently, he was roaming in the road, chasing people with the sickle .
on knowing the information valavanur subinspector manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him .
subinspector manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time .
immediately he was admitted in a private hospital and received treatment .
subsequently, police chased down ayyanar and took him to the police station .
on knowing about the incident, villupuram dsp jsankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot .
police security was provided as the killing in kengarampalayam created fear in the pondicherry border area .
upon complaint about this incident, valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested ayyanar and are investigating .
road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by new prince sri bhavani arts and science college at medavakkam near chennai and chennai corporation traffic police department madipakkam traffic police circle .
the director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college, mprabakaran welcomed all .
the function was held in the presence of senior principal vkarunanidhi, principal vuma devi, and vice principal amadhiyapaes pacheli .
the vicepresident of the prince educational group lnaveen prasad presided over the function and opened the road safety awareness camp .
the madipakkam traffic police inspector sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students .
in his speech he told that the importance of the rules of road should start with the students, because the parents and this society are dependent on them .
the youth are the most affected in road accidents, and to avoid accidents, awareness programs like this must be conducted .
traffic rules need to be followed by everyone, not for the sake of avoiding fines, but to safeguard your precious lives .
students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle .
students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly .
drivers should provide enough cooperation to the traffic police .
if every college regularly monitors students following traffic rules, the invaluable lives of students can be saved .
the future of the country is in the hands of the youth, and it is the essential duty of traffic police and the public to safeguard the youth .
subinspector ravikumar, head constables kandeepan, seenivasan, thiyagarajan also took part in this camp .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile who was the pioneer of the national medicine policy .
he was killed under mysterious circumstances in the guyana islands .
he was the first professor in the country in the department of medicine .
professor vibile worked as the first dean of the faculty of medicine at peradanai university .
he revealed the actions taken by the multinational medicine companies for the sale of medicines and was subjected to various pressures from these vendors .
the loss faced by the government due to the import of drugs under various names amounts to crores of rupees .
he made the government aware of the need for a national drug policy .
he worked towards giving 335 types of essential medicines to patients at a reasonable price and of the highest quality .
due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies .
the mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved .
the prime minister narendra modi didn’t say a single word regarding the kashmir issue during his speech at the united nations assembly today .
the 74th session of the united nations assembly is currently in progress .
prime minister narendra modi spoke on behalf of india today .
during his speech he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism .
during his speech he quoted lines of the tamil poet kaniyan poonkundranar “the world is one, all are relations” .
modi proudly said that the contribution of india in global warming is moving towards a solution, and said that india is contributing less to global warming and giving more solutions .
the government of india is taking serious initiatives to make india free of plastics .
he also said that a large scale health insurance plan is being implemented in india .
modi quoted the nice lines ‘world is one, all are relation’ in tamil .
but he did not refer to jammu kashmir at any point during his speech .
the reason for this is the strong determination of the central government that jammu kashmir is an internal problem of india .
with pakistan wishing to make it an international issue, modi has intentionally avoided any words about jammu kashmir, say political observers .
this has sent a message to the countries of the world that kashmir is an internal issue of india .
in a literacy test conducted in kerala, 2,993 tribal people have passed .
an 85 year old elderly woman has also passed in this exam .
as per the 2011 census, 9391 of the people in kerala are literate .
kerala government is taking efforts to make it 100 .
the state literacy commission was formed for this purpose .
this commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy .
importantly, this commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrant workers .
classes for providing literacy to the tribal dominated area in vayanad district were conducted from last february and exams were conducted recently .
this exam was conducted for 100 marks 30 marks were allotted for competency in reading, 40 marks for writing competency, and 30 marks for knowledge in mathematics .
it is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam .
3,090 tribal people from vayanad district took part in the exam .
the literacy commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed .
this includes an 85 year old woman .
the director of school education, skannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and governmentaided schools on october 3 .
he sent out a circular regarding this, to the chief educational officers and district educational officers of all districts on wednesday .
free notebooks for government and governmentaided schools are given to all districts through tnpl .
similarly, free books for the second term were sent through the tamil nadu textbook society .
chief educational officers of all districts have to distribute books and notebooks for all government and governmentaided schools in their districts before september 30 .
in his circular, he also asked them to instruct all headmasters to distribute the free books and notebooks on the first day of term, after quarterly exams .
today is the international day for access to information .
on account of this, the ministry of public media department has announced information month .
this will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month .
during this period many programs to encourage actions regarding the right to access information will be implemented .
the law to access information will be passed in the sri lankan parliament in 2016 .
this activity will further strengthen democracy .
this law is currently ranked as the fourth of its kind in the world .
usage of plastic products banned at bjp headquarters in delhi .
the usage of single use plastic products like water bottles is banned there .
india is getting ready for the busy elections .
elections will be held in maharashtra and haryana on 21 next month .
election results are to be announced on 24 of the same month .
now all the parties are getting ready for that seriously .
in this scenario, bjp held its election working committee in delhi .
prime minister modi, bjp national president amit shah, bjp national executive president jp natta took part in the discussion .
previously prime minister modi held discussions with the election working committee of bjp during last march .
later, during his independence address he urged to avoid plastics .
he had requested to avoid single use plastic products .
in this scenario, usage of sngle use plastics in totally banned in bjp headquarters .
importantly, water bottles were totally given up .
water bottles were not to be used in today’s bjp meeting also .
as an alternate for this, water will be served in glass jar for those coming there .
it is said that this is based on the request of prime minister modi .
it should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action .
gulalai ismail hails from pakistan .
she is a social activist and since her childhood, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honour killings and oppression .
she posted with evidence, the photos of pakistan military indulging in sexual harassment against women and girls belonging to the aboriginal pashtun group in some areas including khyber pakhtunkhwa, baluchistan province, in social media .
“treason charges” are filed on gulalai and the country’s police is seriously trying to arrest her .
but with the help of her friends and relatives, gulalai ismail has escaped from pakistan and has taken refuge in the united states .
meanwhile, the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan made a speech the day before yesterday at the un council in new york, america .
“there are no militant groups in pakistan so we should all unite against terrorism,” he said .
police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging .
ramakrishnan was a resident of odappalli area near pallipalayam, namakkal district .
his son is devendran age 27 .
he was employed as the tower manager in a famous private cell phone company .
devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house .
suddenly there was an electrical leakage and devendran was electrocuted .
he was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically .
on learning of this incident, the pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry .
later, the body of devendran was sent to pallipalayam government hospital for postmortem .
a complaint was made at pallipalayam police station regarding the incident .
upon receiving this the police filed a case and are now investigating .
this incident has caused a stir in the local area .
the supreme court has strongly warned that it cannot grant even a oneday time period after october 18 to present the arguments .
the supreme court is hearing the appeals that are made against the verdict of allahabad high court in the ayodhya case .
the supreme court has been hearing the case on a daily basis since the 6th of last month .
the court has advised to complete the arguments before october 18 .
a bench headed by the chief justice ranjan gogoi is hearing this case .
the hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last monday .
during yesterday’s arguments the islamic organisations objected to the 2003 statement of the archaeological department .
commenting on this, the judges said, “if there are any objections to the statement of the archaeology department, you might have raised them in the allahabad high court .
there you will be granted relief as per the law .
we won’t allow that to be raised here” .
in this scenario, the ayodhya case came for hearing again today .
during the hearing the islamic organisations begged pardon if they had wasted court time by objecting to the statement of the archaeology department .
the lawyer of the islamic side has not lost his right to question the statement of the archaeology department .
bu the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court, said the judges .
the judges pointed out that the arguments need to be completed by october 18 and accordingly, the hindu and islamic sides need to specify the time period to complete their arguments .
the judges also informed that they cannot grant even one day to present their arguments after october 18, and it will be fine if the judgment is given within four weeks of this case .
they also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present their counter arguments of the hindu organisations, as there are more holidays during october .
“just increase the dosage of the tablets for dengue nothing will happen otherwise”, uttarakhand bjp chief minister trivendra singh has said .
around 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in uttarakhand .
the officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in dehradun and 1,100 people in haldwani are suffering from dengue .
among them, 4 people died in dehradun and 2 people died in haldwani .
a report by the state health department itself declared the death of 8 people up to september 17 .
replying to questions from journalists that infection spread by mosquitoes is on the rise despite these efforts, trivendra singh said, “patients affected by dengue should take a 650mg paracetamol dose instead of a 500mg dose, and rest for some time, then they will be cured” .
the death of a priest in thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area .
govindaraj age 45 was residing in iraiyamangalam near thiruvallur .
he was a priest and is unmarried .
he also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga .
being from nanganallur, chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone .
he was growing herbal plants all around the house .
in this scenario, a young woman lavanya, from besant nagar, chennai, visited last saturday and stayed with govindaraj .
govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house .
suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise .
in this incident the body of govindaraj caught fire .
he ran out of the house shouting .
lavanya who came out upon hearing the noise, was shocked to see the scorched body of govindaraj .
govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot .
on hearing this information, mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to thiruvallur government hospital for postmortem .
lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded .
it is not known if the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room was a bomb .
what was the object that exploded in the pooja room? .
it is not known if it is a bomb .
forensic expert nalina and officers led by deputy superintendent of police harini collected the evidence at the scene, which was then sent for analysis .
the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room will only be known after the results are received .
there were also blood stains in the pooja room .
police suspect that there would have been no chance of bleeding during the fire .
based on the post mortem report of govindaraj, the police have planned to conduct a further inquiry .
in relation to this incident, the lady who was staying with him is also being investigated .
the death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area .
cbcid police are investigating the neet impersonation case .
in this scenario, an investigation was conducted with both the arrested udit surya and his father venkatesan, the day before yesterday at theni cbcid office .
the southern region superintendent mr vijayakumar and deputy superintendent mr hardwin jagadeeshkumar, cbcid inspector ms chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement .
later after completing the medical checkup, they were presented before the magistrate of theni sessions court, mr paneer selvam .
did filming of the actor sasikumar cause suffering to patients of a government hospital? .
the resulting noise from the film shoot made all the inpatients of the hospital suffer considerably .
many people including night duty doctors, nurses and staff watched the film shooting .
upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by pon ram starring actor sasikumar .
reports say that proper permission was not obtained from the hospital administration for the shooting of the film .
immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew .
on hearing about the incident, the kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning .
however, the film crew had already fled the scene prior to this, said people at the scene .
we contacted the film crew for an explanation regarding the incident .
but we were unable to reach them .
the nataraja statue rescued from australia, was kept in the premises of kallidaikurichi kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday .
the kallidaikurichi aramvalartha nayaki with kulasekaramudayar temple is in tirunelveli district .
the panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall nataraja statue, sivakami ambal, manickavasagar, sripalinathar in the nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982 .
it came to be known that these statues were in an australian museum .
upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing pon manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to tamil nadu .
subsequent to the order of the kumbakonam court, it was brought to kallidaikurichi yesterday .
the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, was given a warm welcome by the public with musical instruments .
later the statue was kept in the shrine of the kulasekaramudayar temple .
special officer pon manickavel said the other three statues including sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon .
those who are involved with this incident will be arrested soon .
the cbcid police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the neet exam impersonation case .
udit surya and father drvenkatesan working in stanley medical college, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the neet exam .
with them being continuously questioned, drvenkatesan was suspended yesterday .
meanwhile, the cbcid police were intensely investigating the impersonation case .
with 3 medical students of kanchipuram district caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today .
the cbcid police have today arrested abirami, praveen, rahul of krishnagiri and villupuram medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them .
6 mediators were also arrested in this case .
it is said that cbcid is now acting, based on the statement given by the father of udit surya when he was questioned .
the cbcid has said that shocking information has been continuously released in the neet exam impersonation case .
the evolving method of new graduates from universities protesting in streets due to lack of employment is thanks to an education system that has deviated from the fields of science, technology and research, president maithripala sirisena has said .
so, it is also very important to make necessary basic changes in the national educational policies and introduce and implement the newer education systems of developed nations, stated the president .
the president said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘shilpa sena’ exhibition that began in the polannurava gallele national stadium yesterday .
under the guidance of the ministry of the science, technology and research department, the second phase of the shilpa sena exhibition will be featured in the polannaruva gallele national stadium until the 25th, with intellectual and new innovation, along with various entertainment events .
during his address after participating in this inauguration event, the president also said that the progress in the world is through new inventions that are created from research in science and technology .
more cooperation is needed from science, technology and research departments to confront the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climatic changes the president also explained the need of experts in these fields .
the president, who noted that selfcentred thinking and acting of a majority of people in the fields of politics, science, technology and research without thinking about the nation is an important challenge in the journey towards development he also pointed out that it is a big problem that the country is losing much needed scholars to serve as engineers, doctors and auditors because of scholars who think only about themselves and leave their nation after receiving free education .
the shilpa sena exhibition which is being held under the theme of ‘wealthy nation by strong hands’ is primarily divided into five sections regarding business initiative, business market, new strategies, blue green zone and entertainment .
in the technology department under the important themes of stem education, space technology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, mechatronics, new power strength, blue green technology, 5g, and iot it has been arranged to promote modern scientific, technological and research knowledge .
in the new products section of the shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial .
the president also interacted with the team after inaugurating and visiting the exhibition .
many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research chinthka lokuhetti participated in this event .
dusshera festival in mutharamman temple, kulashekaranpattinam began with flag hoisting .
the annual dusshera festival held in kulashekaranpattinam mutharamman temple near thiruchendur is famous throughout the world .
in india more people gather for dusshera only in kulasai, next to samundeeswari temple in mysore .
worshipping the god dressed in various attires after fasting and giving their vows is the uniqueness of mutharamman temple festival .
among them, persons dressing as godess kali fasting severly for 48 days is more special .
the dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag .
dusshera festival will be held for 10 days .
the important event of dusshera festival, the killing of the giant mahisha will be held on 8th october .
on the night of that day, lord ambiga who will rise up in kulashekarapattinam seashore will kill the giant mahisha .
it is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will come to worship the lord amman, on account of the festival .
the devotees have the privilege of worshipping the godess and god together as mutharamman sits in the sanctum with gnanamoortheeswarar .
the devotees strongly believe that godess mutharamman will solve problems related to psychiatry, marriage and child birth .
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit indonesia on thursday .
regarding this the country's national disaster rescue system and rescue force said .
there was a powerful earthquake near ambon city in malukku islands on thursday at 845 am local time .
it was recorded as 65 units in richter scale .
many buildings collapsed in this earthquake there were also landslides at many places .
20 persons lost their lives in these incidents .
they lost their lives getting caught in building ruins and getting buried in landslides .
among them a woman lost her life when she fell from her two wheeler while driving it towards a higher altitude fearing a tsunami attack .
apart from this 100 people were injured due to earthquake 2,000 persons were shifted to safe areas, said the officials .
there is information that ambon city where about 4 lakh people live and surrounding areas were affected by this earth quake .
as tremors jolted the city hospital, patients and others left the hospital urgently .
subsequently, temporary camps were setup and patients are lodged in them, says information .
it should be remembered that about 4,300 people died in an earthquake of magnitude 75 in the richter scale that hit indonesia last year .
robbery attempted in kanchipuram atm .
a mysterious gang of 3 persons on a motor cycle escaped on seeing the police .
there is a state bank of india at velinga pattarai area of kanchipuram .
today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the atm and saw the camera at the door of the atm .
then the applied the spray brought by them on the camera .
kanchipuram taluk police inspector baskar, subinspector chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way .
on hearing the horn of the police the 3 persons escaped on the motor cycle in which they have come .
but the inspector baskar chased them for some time .
but they entered a narrow lane and escaped .
the kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the atm .
as the police came there on patrol, lakhs of rupees in the atm was safe .
tamils should appreciate prime minister modi for his speech praising the riches of the tamil language, un council minister sellur raju has said .
the minister for the department of cooperation usually relaxes the gathering in the meetings of aiadmk party through his witty speech .
also, during his press conferences his opinions made the headlines .
during his speech in un council, the prime minister modi had quoted “the world is one, all are relations” a line from ancient tamil literature, purananooru .
he has mentioned that the tamilians should thank and appreciate prime minister modi and it is our duty .
also, prime minister modi had “glorified tamil among world leaders”, he said .
he said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at arappalayam bus stand, madurai .
this interview with minister sellur raju has made even the cadres of bjp feel shy .
he also said that the rule of law prevails in tamil nadu, and the arrest of former admk councillor jayagobal is the best example for that .
the admk government will not support wrong deeds by anyone, and will take action without prejudice, he promised .
tahil ramani served as the chief justice of chennai high court .
after one year since her appointment as the chief justice, the collegium recommended the central government appoint another chief justice for chennai .
accordingly, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as the chief justice of meghalaya high court .
justice tahil ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium .
but her demand was rejected .
subsequently, she submitted her resignation .
at this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani .
meanwhile, the central government announced that it had accepted the resignation of tahil ramani .
the case was also dismissed .
meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for tahil ramani on behalf of the associations of chennai high court lawyers .
a protest was staged by the secular progressive alliance, condemning the violence of hindu munnani and urging speedy action by the police .
on the 5th of last month, more than 60 hindu munnani activists gained unauthorised entry into the premises of a knitwear company in angeripalayam road in tirupur .
the employees there were subjected to an attack and their belongings were also damaged .
the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with this incident .
the business community, various political parties, activists and citizens have heavily condemned this incident a protest condemning this incident was announced on 9th of last month by the secular progressive alliance of tirupur .
with the permission denied, a complaint was given to the district collector and tirupur district police commissioner .
in a discussion that followed, a protest was announced by the secular progressive alliance again on september 17 .
since the police department denied permission for this also, a protest “condemning the violent approach of hindu munnani and urging speedy action from the police” was conducted defying the ban .
kselvaraj, dmk secretary of tirupur north district headed the agitation .
executives from all parties including cpim state committee member kkamaraj, smuthukannan, cpi m secretary, tirupur district, mravi, cpi secretary, tirupur district, ramasamy of congress party, and sampath from the mdmk, all took part in the agitation .
the police interrupted the protest citing lack of permission .
during this time, the secular progressive alliance parties said hindu munnani activists attacked a knitwear company in tirupur on the 5th of last month and indulged in violence .
condemning this event, we have asked for proper permission to conduct a protest democratically, but the police department denied it regarding this, we made a complaint to the collector, and police commissioner the police denied us permission, considering the importance of the demands we are conducting, to protest democratically in a nonviolent way defying the ban .
also the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with the attack on the knitwear company .
they urged the police to take speedy action to arrest hindu munnani agitators in connection with this incident .
since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban .
in the agitation, voices were raised against the attack on the knitwear company by hindu munnai and against various forms of communal violence unleashed by hindu munnani .
that the protest was conducted democratically, and with control by the secular progressive alliance, creating awareness against violence among the people of tirupur, is not an overstatement! .
rs100 crore was collected from ticketless train travellers .
railway police will file a case and impose fines on those travelling without tickets on trains .
the number of ticketless travellers has increased compared to last year .
a news release of the central railway has revealed that that from april to september 2018, a total of 1742 lakh cases had been filed, and rs8798 in fines was collected this year from april to september, 1915 lakh cases were filed and rs10029 were collected in fines .
the district collectors of namakkal and thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the central government for best performance in medical service, to the chief minister edappadi palanisamy and were greeted by him .
the district collector of namakkal district masia mariam showed the award presented by the central government for best implementation of the scheme “save girl child, educate girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio the district collector of thiruvallur district maheswari ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 692019 in a function held in new delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people she was greeted by the chief minister edappadi palanisamy at the secretariat .
the minister of social welfare and nutritious meal department drvsaroja, chief secretary kshanmugam, the secretary for social welfare and nutritious meal department smadhumadhi, social welfare commissioner tabraham were present during this event .
“if i do it, people also will come forward to do this!” says ram singh regarding this initiative, “people were fed up with the hardships of purchasing large amounts of vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution .
with so many people complaining about this, it does not seem that they thought of an alternative way, or realised that the solution lies with them .
the proper solution to this is, only if i do what i believe, people will be ready to follow .
so my wife and i walk 10 kms once a week to purchase vegetables .
since this has continued for six months, we are now used to it .
now i am mentally very satisfied” he says .
“many said that it would be tough to walk, carrying large amounts of vegetables i recommended them to carry a bamboo basket with them to fight against the plastic threat .
but they laughed at this .
so my wife and i went to the market carrying a bamboo basket .
only then did i realise that it would be helpful in many ways .
many youths are not physically healthy nowadays .
i think they should start walking and control their diet .
i deeply believe that only traditional methods can provide the best solutions for new challenges that are brought up by the modern world .
if a person follows traditional methods, he could be “fully fit” says an excited ram singh ias .
dr gsengottuvelu, specialist in heart surgery has informed that cardiovascular diseases including heart attack are the leading factors for death throughout the world .
world heart day is celebrated on september 29 of every year .
to mark this, an awareness program named “lets unite with heart – save our heart” was conducted by drgs heart foundation at thiyagaraya nagar in chennai on 2792019 .
chief consultant of apollo hospital and interventional cardiac treatment specialist drsengottuvelu presided over this event .
led by the special guest film actor sivakumar everyone including doctors took the oath heart saviours – the heroes of heart .
following this sivakumar delivered a speech about leading a healthy life .
the head of the hospital dr amuruganathan received it .
during his speech in this event expert dr gsengottuvelu said .
cardiac diseases including heart attack is the number one factor for the loss of lives worldwide .
in india heart diseases are on the rise .
youths are also affected by cardiac arrest .
if we are aware and maintain a safe physique, 80 percent of heart diseases can be prevented .
if our mother, father, grand father and grand mother have heart diseases then there are chances for us also to have heart diseases .
if we maintain a proper life style, we can prevent heart diseases to an extent .
with the modern medicines we have now, we can predict those prone to heart attack in advance .
if detected at an early stage, heart attack can be prevented .
in case of a heart attack, it can be healed soon .
thus he spoke .
the disqualification period of the sikkim chief minister premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years .
so the stalemate has been removed for damang to contest in the byelection .
sikkim assembly elections were held along with loksabha elections .
sikkim granthikari morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election .
the leader of that party premsingh damang took charge as the chief minister of the state .
but damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case .
since this was confirmed by the supreme court also, he was imprisoned .
since a person sentenced to prison in a corruption case cannot contest in elections for 6 years, there was a controversy even while he assumed office .
in this scenario damang is contesting in the sikkim byelection .
damang is ruling in sikkim with the support of bjp .
meanwhile, damang has sent a letter to the election commission requesting to remove the 6 year ban imposed on him to contest in elections, quoting various sections of law .
the election commission has announced that it has reduced the ban period to one year and a month, after considering his letter .
thus there is no ban for damang to contest in the assembly byelection .
using the concession given to damang the bjp may start its political game in other states including tamilnadu .
statements may also be released from election commission fulfilling the wishes of the bjp in entirety .
government doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya has been suspended in the neet exam impersonation case .
also, a person called joseph who acted as the mediator in the impersonation case, was arrested in kerala .
udit surya, a student who was admitted to theni medical college was found to have impersonated in the neet exam .
subsequently, police filed a case against udit surya and his family .
but udit surya and his family escaped and absconded .
also udit surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court .
in this scenario, police arrested udit surya who was staying with family in tirupathi .
the family of udit surya was arrested together and was brought to theni and enquired for several hours .
during this enquiry, venkatesan the father udit surya agreed impersonating to make his son a doctor .
following the statement given by venkatesan the police all were produced in court and subsequently jailed .
the father of udit surya worked as government doctor in stanley hospital, chennai .
since he is arrested and jailed now, the government of tamil nadu has suspended him .
and based on the statement of acknowledgement given by venkatesan, a mediator joseph has been arrested in kerala .
he is to be brought to tamil nadu for enquiry .
doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya and doctor in the stanley government hospital, chennai has been suspended in neet exam impersonation case .
meanwhile, the cbcid police today conducted an enquiry in the neet exam coaching centre run by the mediator joseph in thiruvananthapuram .
it is said that joseph has been involved in impersonation scams in a large scale in the name of neet exam coaching centre .
hence doctor venkatesan the father of udit surya approached joseph easily .
also the cbcid police have been inspecting the documents in the coaching centre of joseph .
byelections for the vacant nanguneri and vikravandi constituencies in tamil nadu are to be held on 21st of next month october .
dmk contests in vikravandi constituency nanguneri is given to their ally in congress .
the general secretary of indian national congress and the tamil nadu in charge mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in nanguneri, last night .
ruby manoharan age 60 the president of kanchipuram north district is being announced as the candidate .
ruby manoharan is a native of marayapuram near marthandam in kanyakumari district .
he served in indian air force for 15 years, and is now running a construction company in chennai .
as a special event for the 141st birthday of periyar, letter reformation book was donated to 535 malaysian government tamil schools .
a book titled letter reformation of periyar was introduced in bukhitporundung and menthagob farm government tamil schools .
and this book will be sent to 535 tamil schools functioning in tamilnadu in phases .
in the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools functioning in bakang district and silangur district .
more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools .
and more than 7 thousand teachers are working .
this book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by periyar for tamil language .
during the releasing ceremony of the book mgovindhasamy delivered a speech explaining the editorial of drkveeramani .
during this event chinnaiya was felicitated with periyar volunteer award .
kk raman, a poet and a former tamil school principal and periyar kkraman read a poem about periyar .
it is noteworthy that poet shanmugam from thaiping was awarded with rational poet award also .
there were revolutionary movements before and after bagat singh .
but it is not just an appreciation that bagat singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and through that to indian politics .
today we can sense a feeling among people that revolutionists are blindfolded and don’t care for the lives of the people .
the period of bagat singh shows us their humanity and clear thoughts and capacity .
the name of bagat singh became popular in india after the incident of bombing assembly in april 1929 .
but in tamilnadu he became popular among the public after some time in 1930 .
but within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of tamilnadu .
this is something amazing in history, none of the north indian born leaders including gandhi gained fame in a very short time in tamilnadu .
periyar is the reason behind this .
an editorial titled bagat singh was published in kudiyarasu weekly just after a week of killing of bagat singh .
the editorial appreciated many characters of bagat sngh and also put forth few ideas about the political situation during that period .
excerpts of that editorial .
“if bagat singh was determined that his objectives and the path chosen by him to achieve them is correct, we are sure that he was supposed to act accordingly and if he had not acted so, then we can not call him as a great personality .
so we can now call him as a real man .
it is our strong opinion that india is really in need of the policies of bagat singh .
bagat singh would not have gained such fame if he was not executed .
also we would further say that if bagat singh had not been executed that would have aided the principles of gandhi further .
bagat singh, who would have burnt to ashes after dying due to a disease uselessly got a chance to die usefully showing a path of real equality and peace not only to the people of india but also to the people of the whole world .
we appreciate bagat singh generously that this immortality not easily endowed on everyone .
thus periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the magazine kudiyarasu .
meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher .
the hands of the girl were tied with a plastic tag, and she was taken in a police car to the juvenile assessment centre there her photo was taken with a name board bearing her name, as is normal procedure for criminals .
copies of her finger prints were also recorded .
later, this was reported to the girl’s family and she was handed over to them .
it was not known whether he took another child to the police station .
the grandmother kirkland who consented to disclose the identity of the girl, kaya roll, during her interview to the media, said “my granddaughter, who is suffering from ‘sleep apnea’ sometimes behaves like this due to the effects of her medication .
i was very shocked when i was told that she was arrested for this, it will be very tough for any 6 year old child to explain and understand this .
due to rain and floods in uttar pradesh, 73 persons have died in 4 days the meteorological department has given a red alert in most districts east of uttar pradesh .
in bihar’s capital patna, most of the places have been flooded from rain during the last four days, rail and road transport were disrupted .
due to heavy rain in the state of bihar, many trains were cancelled this morning .
yesterday, the chief minister of the state conducted a meeting via video conference .
all the schools were ordered to be closed until tuesday .
there has been heavy rain in uttarakhand, jammukashmir, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, and many have died in these states due to rain related incidents in the past few days .
uttar pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on friday .
the eastern part of the state is badly affected .
yesterday, pragyaraj received 425mm rain and varanasi received 62mm rain .
this is above the average rainfall for this year .
in various parts of the state 26 people died yesterday .
47 people died during the previous 2 days .
lucknow, amethi, harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain .
the chief minister yogi adityanath has ordered the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety measures .
during the past two days, 6 people died in rajasthan and in madhya pradesh .
three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in udaipur in rajasthan .
on friday, 3 people including a police constable died in rajasthan .
their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the incident spot .
a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released on the 24th .
michael sheyder is the leader of the group that prepared the report .
according to it, the nuclear energy sector, which accounted for 1746 percent of the world’s energy needs in 1996, decreased to 1015 percent in 2018 .
this decline showed that the countries in the world have gone beyond nuclear energy, towards energy that is renewable, and can be used for a long term .
nuclear energy has been pushed back and renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power are gaining a foothold all over the world .
every year many bodies come together and release a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector .
according to the statement released this year, the nuclear energy sector is declining all over the world .
the statement remarks that that the indian nuclear energy sector is also in a bad condition .
bill gates honoured indian prime minister modi by presenting the global goalkeeper for implementing clean india mission .
the indian government led by prime minister modi has announced and implemented the “clean india” scheme .
this scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2102014, the birthday of mahatma gandhi .
the objective of this scheme is to build bathrooms in houses, construct public toilets and creating solid waste management .
more than 10 crore worth of bathrooms have been built under this scheme, throughout the nation .
rural health care is being brought to 98 percent of the villages .
it was announced that modi will be awarded the global goalkeeper award on behalf of the bill and melinda gates foundation as a token of appreciation of this scheme .
in this scenario, the prime minister who was touring the united states was presented the global goalkeeper award today .
the world’s richest man, bill gates honoured modi by presenting the award in a meeting of the un security council .
the receiver of the award, prime minister modi, in his speech told that mahatma gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now come true .
modi also said that he dedicates the award to crores of indians who accomplished clean india mission and also made it as a part of their lives .
modi pointed the words of world health organisation that more than 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the clean india mission .
the present rain and floods has created a disastrous situation resulting in the spread of diseases, the ministry of health has announced .
the ministry of health has advised to avoid stepping into water bodies unnecessarily .
the disastrous situation caused by severe rains in several districts has abated, and people should be careful of this, the ministry of health said .
cases of children and old people getting hospitalised after being affected by the floods have increased .
therefore, the chief medical officer of risk management division hemanth herath, has requested those who are affected to be more careful regarding healthcare .
the ministry of education has released a media statement regarding the vacation leave of teachers and principals .
the statement released by the ministry of education says that suggestions and recommendations are being initiated to solve pay anomalies in the service of teachers and principals .
with the recommendations of the panel to solve pay anomalies of government services ready to be implemented from the first of january next year, to increase the salary of all staff including teachers and principals, the nonavailability of teachers and principals to their service on sick leave, based on the their pay anomalies is very unjust, the ministry of education has said .
it is the right of employees to engage in union activities .
though this is not challenged, being cheated by the opportunistic activities of the union that project the pay hike as a victory for their activities, even after knowing about their pay hike is not suitable for intelligent and dignified professions like teachers and principals .
the education minister sattatharani akilaviraj kariyavasam said in the parliament last july that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government .
the minister also said in parliament on the 7th of june, that the ministry of education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services .
the allowance for principals has been increased from rs650 to rs6,500 .
the promotions that were delayed from the start of 2015 are being initiated properly now .
the procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented .
in order to rescue the presidential service from politics and to solve the deficiencies in the standards of principals in that service, a competitive exam was conducted and around 6,000 people were inducted in the service .
during a short term duration of four and a half years activities including providing opportunity for teachers and principals to be trained in foreign, induction of 25,000 persons in teacher service were implemented .
the media statement released by the ministry of education has today further informed that these are initiated as the objectives for the development of human resources in education department .
there was a complaint regarding a chennai student about passing the neet exam by impersonating and securing admission to theni medical college .
subsequently, this case was transferred to cbcid .
following this, udit surya absconded along with his parents .
in this scenario, a special team caught udit surya, his father venkatesan, and his mother kayalvizhi in the tirupathi foothills .
a goa court has indicted bjp mla atanasio monserrate on the basis of a complaint regarding the rape of a girl .
atanasio was charged with complaint of raping a 16 year old girl .
last year, the police department submitted a 250 page charge sheet against him at the north goa district court .
the trial of this case will start on october 17 .
currently atanasio is a member of panaji assembly constituency .
his age is 55 the incident is alleged to have taken place in 2016, when the age of the girl was 16 .
the girl said that he had raped her by giving her drugs and that her mother had sold her to atanasio for rs50 lakhs .
it should be noted that atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail .
pakistan occupied kashmir was affected the most by the earthquake that struck yesterday evening with its centre in pakistan .
around 25 people died there .
more than 400 people were injured .
pakistan officials informed that an earthquake measuring 58 in the richter scale struck yesterday evening and had its centre in pok, there was a minimum of 25 deaths including women and children and around 400 persons were injured and many of them sustained severe injury .
the american geological survey has informed that the earthquake had its centre at the border separating punjab and pakistan occupied kashmir, 223 kilometer to the north of the river jhelum .
the earthquake was centered around 10 km .
it was felt in most places of punjab and few places of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
however, the “worst damage is in the mirpur district of kashmir occupied,” said the chief meteorologist of pakistan, mohammed riaz .
since the epicenter of the earthquake was near river jhelum, it has created a disaster in the regions lying between jatlan and khari sharif and hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged, said the commissioner of mirpur mohammed dayab .
he said that 12 persons died on the way the main hospital in mirpur and at the same time 13 persons died in various villages between jatlan and khari sharif .
150 persons who are wounded are being treated at dhq hospital .
many were sent to rawalpindi for further treatment .
mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply was cut off in rural areas .
because of this people were unable to either contact their near ones or obtain help .
election king padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the nanguneri byelection .
padmarajan who belongs to veerakkaval pudhur village in mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as vajpayee, manmohan singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi and rajasekara reddy .
in the election for the president he has run against abdul kalam, pranab mukherjee, and ramnath govind .
he has spent rs32 lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination .
don’t consider him a rich person by these deeds, he just belongs to middle class .
in this scenario he contests in the byelection for the nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer natesan, yesterday .
he says that he is running for election in nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the guinness book of records, rather than actually winning .
he says that his name is already in the limca book of records, and once his name is included in the guinness book of records, he will stop competing in elections .
this election king, padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in india .
vikram lander collided heavily against moons floor nasa releases photo evidence .
lroc orbiter of nasa has sent the photos of the spot where vikram lander of chandrayaan2 made a crash landing in the southern pole of moon .
vikram lander of the space ship chandrayaan2 sent by isro landed in the south pole region of the moon on last 7th .
but communication with it was lost in the last minute .
it was considered that the fast crash landing of vikram lander instead of a soft landing on moons surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost .
in this scenario, lroc orbiter of nasa crossed the south pole region on the moon on the 17th of last month .
during that time it filmed the valley between the ridges symphalius n and mansinus c in a sophisticated method and has sent them .
examination of these pictures confirms that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
hence it is seen at a distance from the place of landing .
regarding this deputy project director of nasas lroc said, “lroc orbiter crossed the south pole region of moon on last 17th .
it has sent the photos that were taken during the evening darkness .
upon examining them it was obvious that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
however, the landing site of vikram lander cannot be found accurately .
lroc will cross the south pole region again on the 14th of next month .
since there will be more light during that time, there are more chances to film vikram lander,” he told .
the ideology of modi and american president trump are the same .
modi is campaigning for us president trump without caring about economy .
in the rule of central bjp the concept of federal governance is being questioned, accused sitaram yechuri in a conference held in pudhuchery .
the marxist communist party conducted a seminar titled state rights and antipeople bills in kamban auditorium pudhuchery .
the all india general secretary of marxist communist party sitaram yechuri participated and delivered a special lecture .
in his lecture in the seminar he said the campaign of bjp mentioning one nation, one culture, one election, and one education system has questioned the plurality of india .
if you reject the antidemocratic stand of the government you may be branded antiindian and arrested .
an amendment for law has been made .
he accused that human rights violations are taking place to the extent of calling you as a terrorist for criticizing bjp or posting in social media and being sent to prison and also said that there is an economic crisis in the country .
because the buying power of the people is very low .
but the government has donated 2 lakh crores to rich owners .
everyone should take part in the agitation against this antipeople government that will be held from october 1016 .
continuing his speech he said, the prime minister is campaigning for trump without caring about the nation and economy .
when an actor came from bangladesh for campaigning, the indian government blocked it .
but modi has gone to america and has campaigned for the return of trump as the president .
thus modi has confirmed that the ideology of both is the same .
the concept of federal governance is being questioned in the rule of bjp in the center .
the promises made in the constitution are being spoiled, alleged sitaram yechuri .
balakrishnan, the tamilnadu state secretary of marxist communist party, pudhuchery district secretary rajangam and other leaders participated in the conference .
the minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and fisheries, and aquatic resources development department pherison has said that compensation for all farmers who are enrolled in the agricultural insurance board and that have paid the insurance installment, will be paid within 2 weeks .
the agricultural insurance board has issued an advisory regarding this .
3,000 farmers of the ambarai, monarakalai and athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss .
the minister made this clear during a discussion in the meeting that was held in the auditorium of the ministry of rural economy .
the postal voting for the elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow .
the president of the election commission, mahinda desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month .
facilities for this have been made at the galle district election office .
one has to carry their national identity card or the identity card permitted by the election commission .
two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of periyar in malaysia .
pahang district, mentakab gardens .
around 100 students are studying in this tamil school founded in 1928 .
on 1792019 periyar library was opened here by govindhasamy, president of farm administrators saba and worker in the dravidian movement .
msuma the headmistress of this school, presided over the event .
members of the school’s administrative board, parent teachers association, teachers, students and periyar workers avudayar, raman, chinnaiah participated in this event .
flavoured drinks and fruits were served to students .
periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school .
bukitraja gardens, killan city .
around 160 students are studying in the tamil school here .
periyar centre was opened here .
around 500 books were donated to the centre .
msmallika palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event .
periyar workers and comrades of dravida kazhakam took part in the event .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
books of periyar were donated to teachers .
kadong gardens, banding city .
there are around 100 students and 15 teachers at this school .
the function was held in the presence of the assistant headmistress of the school mrskanagam .
periyar library was opened on 2392019 with over 400 donated books .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
periyar books were gifted to teachers .
the above events were excellently arranged by m govindhasamy .
it is notable that lectures about periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools .
as a continuation of tamil leader drveeramani, an explanation of the periyarism works is given in all the events .
the candidate of the left democratic alliance, mani ckappan has won kerala’s pala assembly constituency byelection .
km mani was a part of congress alliance though he started a new party after splitting from congress .
km mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of kerala .
km mani who served as a central minister and a minister in various departments of kerala, died in last april .
hence the byelection was announced for pala assembly constituency .
the election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month .
mani ckappan ran as the candidate of left front, jose tom pulikkunnel as the candidate of congress alliance, and kottayam hari ran as the candidate of bjp in this constituency .
the votes polled in this election were counted this morning .
the left candidate mani c kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election .
his opponent from congress alliance received 51,194 votes .
mani ckappan the left front candidate, won by a margin of 2,943 votes .
kottayam hari who ran as the bjp candidate received 18,044 votes .
during the 2016 election, bjp received 24,821 votes in this constituency .
bjp has now lost 6,000 votes due to the byelection .
for the past 54 years, congress alliance has dominated in pala constituency .
now the left has put an end to this domination .
there may be severe rains in the coastal areas from batticaloa to maththarai due to the low pressure system in the southwest of the country .
there may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from kangesanthurai and trincomalee to batticaloa .
there may be isolated rains or rain with thunder in the other coastal areas of the country during the evening or night .
in the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the southwest direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour .
during these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 7080 kms per hour .
the department of meteorology has mentioned in its weather report for coastal areas today that in such instances, the sea will be especially turbulent .
in a meeting conducted in new york, united states, prime minister modi insisted that india should be added as a member of the nuclear suppliers group of countries .
prime minister modi is on a 7 day government trip to the united states .
prime minister modi will speak at the un annual general council meeting tomorrow .
he is taking part in various programs and meeting world leaders in connection with this .
as part of that, he met the american president donald trump in the howdy modi event in houston, united states .
the leaders of the two countries discussed various affairs including their bilateral relationship, industry, trade, defence, global issues and the kashmir issue .
subsequently, many ceos of american companies participated in the meeting of the bloomberg world trade forum meeting in new york yesterday .
prime minister modi took part in this and spoke as follows .
producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for india .
the reason is that india is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group .
india will serve as an example for the whole world, if given this chance .
thus prime minister modi spoke .
most of the world’s nuclear trade is controlled by the nuclear suppliers group .
to become a member of this group, india is continuously taking many steps .
though the united states and other countries supported india’s entry, china objected to this, citing india has not signed the nuclear proliferation treaty .
however, it should be noted that on march, 6 american companies announced the setting up of nuclear reactors in india .
burial urn found near pallipalayam .
electricity board staff dug a pit on september 26th for erecting an electric pole in bharathi nagar in kokkarayanpettai, pallipalayam in namakkal district .
a pot was found during the excavation .
upon further excavation, it was found as burial urn .
bones were seen inside .
upon receiving this information, people from the revenue department arrived at the location and collected the bones in the urn .
regarding this, the people in the area were told, “ kokkarayanpettai is located in river side .
hence, more historical symbols can be found if the archaeology department conducts further investigations” .
the all indian council for technical education aicte, the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically .
higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by aicte .
the syllabus for the colleges affiliated with anna university is framed by the university administration .
as per the guidelines released by aicte in june 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 noncurriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters .
the list had 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values and ethics, ethics and best lifestyle, documentation of photos and videos .
the students enrolled in the first year at anna university campus colleges, such as college of engineering, guindy, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering and madras institute of technology in chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects .
among them, btech information technology students selected philosophy among the 12 available subjects .
in the 5th unit of philosophy under the title “knowledge is power”, things told in the bhagavad gita in connection with realising our power, the teachings of lord krishna to arjuna in the bhagavad gita, for controlling our thoughts is being included in syllabus .
meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in tamil nadu to the sudden introduction of the bhagavad gita in the syllabus by anna university .
leaders including the leader of dravidar kazhagam and editor kveeramani, dmk leader mkstalin, teachers, student federations, writers and various parties all condemned this, saying that it was against secularism, and that this planned introduction of religious matters into the syllabus was irrational .
to protest against anna university for suddenly making the bhagavad gita into a lesson, it was announced that a protest will be conducted near anna university by the student wing of the dmk on october 1 .
his objective is to embrace all with equal status .
the minister for the department of housing and construction culture sajit premadasa has informed that his objective is to embrace all people irrespective of race, caste, political party .
during the press conference held at colombo yesterday .
he also said, based on this a declaration of democratic policy that would make the mother land proud will be released soon .
there is no expectation to strengthen the executive power .
he also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries .
the minister sajit premadasa pointed that those involved in corruption will not be allowed to join the presidential election campaign or in the political journey .
dmk high command has nominated 68 mlas in field for vikravandi byelection duty .
byelection for both vikaravandi and nanguneri constituencies are to be held on october21 .
in these constituencies dmk and congress contests against aiadmk in vikravandi and nanguneri respectively .
since aiadmk will give a tough fight in vikravandi constituency with the support of pmk, it is said that the dmk president stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the district secretary ponmudi .
the number of dmk mlas is 100 among them 68 mlas have been nominated in charge of vikravandi byelection by the dmk high command .
32 mlas belonging to the southern states alone are exempted .
they were also being requested to support congress in nanguneri constituency .
ponmudi has been appointed as the president of election working committee and jagathratchagan mp has been appointed as the secretary .
others including aangayarkanni, salem selvaganapathi, and aks vijayan were also appointed .
further, 10 mps were employed in byelection work .
during the election that was held only for velur constituency after parliamentary election, the dmk high command did not depute any mps for the election work .
then stalin advised them to carry on their works as usual .
now they were also given an assignment .
cbi raids the house of former bengaluru police commissioner .
cbi is conducting a search operation in the house of former bengaluru police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities .
after the collapse of the kumarasamy led government in karnataka, bharatiya janata came to power .
yeddyurappa was sworn in as the chief minister .
in this scenario, the audio conversation of baskar rao, who was appointed as the bengaluru police commissioner, featuring a political personality for the post of commissioner was released, and created a stir .
bharatiya janata party complained about phone tapping during the kumarasamy regime .
bharatiya janata leaders were continuously complaining about the telephone tapping of more than 300 persons including the coordinator of the bharatiya janata coalition government sidhdharamaiah, his assistants, and few leaders of secular janata dal, mlas, and higher officials .
the leaders of this party insisted that a proper inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken regarding this .
also, many personalities including the senior congress leaders mallikarjun karge, siddharamaiah, and former minister for police mppatil insisted on an inquiry regarding this .
in his explanation, kumarasamy has said that none of the telephones were tapped and the complaint regarding this is not true, and that he is ready for any type of inquiry .
this telephone tapping has taken karnataka politics by storm .
in this scenario, the chief minister yeddyurappa recommended a cbi inquiry in connection with this .
the cbi has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry .
cbi officials conducted a sudden search in the house of former police commissioner alekkumar, in bengaluru .
this search was conducted based on information that he had stored the data regarding the tapping of phones of political personalities in a pen drive .
whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over .
prime minister narendra modi gave a speech in the united nations general council today on behalf of india .
during his speech he made scathing attacks against terrorism .
during his speech he reminded india is a land where saints like buddha, vivekananda and kaniyan poonkundranar lived .
modi said our country has given buddhas message of peace of buddha to the world, not the war .
hence we are always raising our voice against terrorism .
we also warn the world to be free from the clutches of terrorism .
famous poet kaniyan poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in india has sung, “world is one, all are relations” in tamil, the worlds ancient language .
it means all the places are connected to us .
and the people of the whole world are our relatives .
this is the uniqueness of india .
we don’t consider terrorism as threat to india alone .
we consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity .
hence the whole world must rally against terrorism .
the great spiritual leader swami vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the world religions conference held in chicago 125 years ago .
that message is, “peace and harmony alone is the need .
and not the differences of opinion .
today, i also put forth the same on behalf of the largest democracy in the world .
our message to the world is ‘peace and harmony alone’ .
thus modi remarked in his speech .
sajith premadasa will compete in the sri lankan presidential election as the candidate of united national party .
the sri lankan president election is to be held on november 16 .
gotabaya rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of sri lanka podujana peramuna .
parties including jvp have also announced their candidates .
there was prolonged confusion regarding the candidate of prime minister ranil’s united national party .
it is said that ranil wanted to compete in the president election .
similarly, there was news that the president maithribala sirisena is trying to compete as a common candidate .
it was ranil’s belief that he could garner tamil votes in case of contesting .
sirisena planned for an easy win by sending ranil to prison without allowing him to complete .
but both these plans failed .
now sajith premadasa is projected to be the candidate of united national party .
it should also be noted that sajith is the son of former president premadasa .
proving his strength by uniting his supporters, sajith has emerged as the presidential candidate .
while addressing a grand public meeting in kaluththurai, mathukama region yesterday sajith ferociously said i am not controlled by anyone, i have self respect .
he indirectly attacked ranil .
a reservation put forth by thanthai periyar is under threat in tamil nadu, remarked former minister and member of legislative assembly evvelu .
the birthdays of thanthai periyar and scholar anna were celebrated in the dhivya education institution, chetpet, on thursday .
the correspondent of the dhivya education institution, bselvarasan presided over the function .
the chief guest, former minister evvelu said .
during the rule of many kings including chera, chola, pandya, chalukya and krishnadeva raya, women were not told to study .
but it was only periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property .
scholar anna executed this .
following that path, in the rule of dmk leader kalaignar, women were given reservation and equal rights in property, samacheer kalvi, eligibility criteria and others .
thanthai periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives .
the policy of thanthai periyar is being threatened now .
while we are creating many doctors based on their qualification through samacheer kalvi, we are cheated in the name of neet, he said .
the event was held in the presence of the secretary of the education institution, senthil kumar, deputy president praveen kumar, and administrative advisor podhana praveen kumar .
member of bolur constituency kvsekaran, former mlas rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, chetpet and dmk town secretary murugan spoke at the event .
the principal of the polytechnic college, murugan delivered the vote of thanks .
tamil nadu tourism development corporation hosted many competitions for students on world tourism day, during celebrations conducted at tamil nadu hotel in madurai .
the culinary artists of this hotel, together prepared 101 dishes and displayed them .
dishes made of millets, foods of the madurain region, varieties of rice dishes, gravies, vegetable curries, tiffins and sweets were prepared .
they also prepared north indian and foreign dishes .
it was said that all the variety of foods that are available in a normal hotel, to those of a five star hotel are available in the tamil nadu hotel .
infact protrainers and seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at jerusalem college, in pallikaranai, chennai .
more than 26 banks and non banking financial institutions took part in the event .
more than 7000 youths and students participated .
during his speech, the executive director of infact protrainers balaji said that he felt proud that the banking companies have said that more than 1500 youths have the chance to be selected .
we arranged this camp only for the benefit of unemployed graduate youths and students .
we have conducted this camp without getting any money from the students or from the companies .
it is our objective to conduct these camps continuously at various places and create a society of employed youth .
the 5th phase of excavation is underway at keezhadi in sivagangai district near madurai, on behalf of the tamil nadu archaeology department .
having said that, the excavation which started on 13 june and will be completed on september 30, is to be continued for an additional 15 days .
in this situation, the public, archaeology enthusiasts, and students from various parts of tamil nadu are visiting keezhadi .
minister mafa pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in keezhadi .
he has said that the museum will be setup at an initial cost of 1 crore .
america has stressed to take necessary steps to ease restrictions in jammu kashmir and release all those in preventive detention .
in the 74th meeting of united nations, the deputy secretary for south and central asian affairs alice wells said .
the preventive detention of so many persons in jammu kashmir is worrying .
the indian government should start political activities in that state .
so elections should be held soon as promised .
the restrictions in jammu kashmir need to be eased and those who are detained should be released .
alice wells stressed that the indian government should take necessary steps for that soon .
earlier there was information that trump wants to mediate in jammu kashmir issue .
india strongly objected to this .
then america withdrew its opinion .
subsequently prime minister went to america to participate in united nations general council meeting .
at first modi and donald trump participated in howdy modi event in houston .
later they both attended many events jointly .
at that time, trump praised modi as the father of india .
in this situation, america has now pressurized india on the kashmir issue .
it has been decided in the meeting of the iit council to hike the fees by 10 times in all the technical education institutions throughout india .
technical education institutions called iit education institutions play an important role in creating skilled students all over india .
the meeting of iit council comprising the directors of iit education institutions that are functioning under the central human resources department was held on 2892019, headed by the cabinet minister ramesh pokhriyal .
the decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public .
it has been decided to increase the fees for mtech in iit institutions by 10 times .
in all the iits in india a sum of rs20, 000 to rs50, 000 only is collected as tuition fee per semester .
now that fee has been increased up to rs2 lakhs per year .
in the academic year 20192020, out of the 12 thousand students studying first year, 9,280 students are qualified for scholarship it has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees that is being provided to mtech students .
the central government is going to reduce the fund that is being given to delhi, chennai, mumbai, karagpur, rourkee and guwahati iit institutions .
in order to face the deficit, the central government has increased the fees that are being collected from the students .
also it is said that these institutions are advised to take developmental works with the aid of the construction activities taken up by these technical education institutions and also it has been advised to obtain loans and to get financial aid from corporate companies .
since coming to power, bjp has been doing its level best to block the education that is being given to common men, in the budget for the year 2015 it reduced the fund for primary education, and subsequently it has been drastically reducing the fund for education in each budget .
following this, as a way of providing more facilities to private education institutions, it has been continuously granting permission for big shots to start education institutions .
in this scenario, without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy, it has introduced various rules making the education institutions to function using the fund provided by private institutions .
through these steps it is involved in making only rich people be able to get education from primary level to higher education and making india an illiterate country in the future taking india back to many centuries .
the book “the art of cartoon” written by ranu, released by the editor of kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam was received by former ias officer karpura sundarapandiyan .
the publishing ceremony of the book “the art of cartoon” written by late “cartoonist” ranu alias skramanujam was held at russian cultural centre, chennai on sunday .
the secretary of indorussian trade corporation pthangappan presided over the function .
the author of the kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former ias officer and the president of siddhar research centre rkarpura sundarapandiyan .
the chief guest of the event karpura sundarapandiyan in his speech said .
late cartoonist ranu alias ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists .
ranu has created many students through cartoon research and the education foundation .
generally, a person who is celebrated throughout the world may not be a celebrity in his own family .
in contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of ranu has released his book after his death .
though ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book .
in his speech, keezhambur sankara subramaniam said, skramanujam was a leading cartoonist in india .
he travelled throughout the world and trained students in drawing cartoons .
he was an innovative artist in creating cartoons .
ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation .
he researched the art of cartoon, according to the indian environment for the past 30 years .
he will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons .
the coordinator of ranu cartoon research and education foundation rboopathi delivered the vote of thanks .
many including nallathambi, television executive cperera participated in the function .
how many check dams were constructed in the 8 year admk rule, dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy .
in a statement released by the partys treasurer duraimurugan regarding this, he has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without any knowledge about the public works department .
in his statement the dmk president duraimurugan has stated, the water released in cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration .
as a leader of the opponent party in the legislative assembly, our leader mkstalin has voiced his concern with responsibility that the admk government has no proper plans to save the water of cauvery on its way .
edappadi palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “has the dmk party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?” .
“what i want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across cauvery at mayanur .
can a chief minister, who has public works department also with him, give wrong details without even knowing this detail? .
that check dam built in mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area .
so agriculture prospered .
so you can see that thousands of people belonging to farmer community from that area who are the beneficiaries even today are grateful to dmk forever .
the check dam was built in mayanur according to the need that arisen during at that time .
there was no need to build more check dams then .
had there been any need, the then chief minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works .
so edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about cauvery .
i am asking during the past eight year admk rule, how many check dams have you built across cauvery? .
another question during dmk ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in tamilnadu .
can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous admk regimes? .
don’t lie .
if you have any answer to the accusation of the opponent leader, show us with evidences about the places of construction or about the proposed plans .
leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across cauvery during the dmk regime may be fine for edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said duraimurugan .
the state bank of india has decided to fix the interest based on the repo rates from 1st october .
the reserve bank of india has so far reduced the interest for short term lending repo by 11 percent in four instalments continuously, considering the economic growth of the country .
but there is a complaint that the banks did not even pass half of this benefit onto customers .
at present, banks are determining the interest based on mclr method .
the reserve bank has ordered the fixing of interest rates based on treasury bill and repo interest rate, released by the government for obtaining short term loans, from 1st october .
accordingly, the state bank of india sbi has announced that it has decided to fix housing, vehicle loans and sme loans based on the mclr rate as a scale .
the sri lankan administrative service association is deciding to suspend its union activities temporarily .
the president of the association, prabhath chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet subcommittee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the presidential election .
based on this, he expressed hope that the administrative services, including the department of registration of persons, the emigration and immigration department, and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will all function as usual .
chandrakeerthi also said that the administrative service association expects a favourable outcome regarding their pay anomaly in talks with the ministerial sub committee in the cabinet meeting that is to be held this coming tuesday .
the cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan will be played today .
this is the first match of the one day match series between sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams, and it starts today in karachi .
this match is to start at 330pm sri lankan time .
this is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in pakistan .
the coach of the sri lankan team asantha d mel has expressed his satisfaction over the security arrangements being made for the sri lankan team in pakistan .
he also said that the sri lankan team has been provided a security detail like that of a government leader or equivalent .
three one day internationals and three t20 matches will be conducted between the sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams .
the international cricket council has appointed michael gough and yowilson as the umpires for the one day series .
the technical snag in the flight bound to malaysia was detected while in the runway .
174 passengers escaped with their lives, as the flight was halted subsequently .
malindo flight arrives in trichy everyday at 1035 pm from the malaysian capital kualalumpur .
then it departs to kualalumpur at 1125 pm from trichy .
as usual the flight arrived at trichy in the night of day before yesterday .
then the flight started with passengers to kualalumpur from trichy .
there were 174 passengers in the flight .
the pilot detected a technical fault in the eliminator of the plane while in the runway .
so he halted the flight in the runway .
then the flight was brought to the starting point in the airport and was halted .
engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault .
so the passengers were seated in the flight for two hours .
but as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane .
subsequently 138 passengers were lodged in a private lodge .
other passengers either rescheduled their travel dates or cancelled their tickets and returned back to their homes .
if the plane had taken flight with technical fault, it would have resulted in an accident .
but due to the timely detection of the technical fault by the pilot, the plane did not fly .
so it is remarkable that all the 174 passengers escaped their lives .
in this scenario, the technical fault in the plane was repaired .
subsequently the flight departed to kualalumpur yesterday evening at around 5 pm with 138 passengers .
the indian health department has announced that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far by dengue fever that spreads through ‘aedes’ mosquitoes .
in tamil nadu and pudhuchery, more than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever so far .
dengue fever is spreading rapidly in tamil nadu and pudhuchery .
indian media have said that a 12 year old girl and a student in krishnagiri, died the day before yesterday .
in chennai govt hospitals, 135 people were admitted and are being treated .
it has been raining in various places in tamil nadu during the past few days .
so special teams have been formed by the municipal administration and health department throughout tamil nadu and dengue fever activities are monitored .
the country’s health department has also advised the dengue fever victims to get treatment in government hospitals .
the deadline to link aadhar with the pan number is extended until december 31 .
the deadline to link aadhar number with permanent income tax account number pan number has been extended till december 31 .
this is the seventh time that the central board of direct taxes cbdt has extended the deadline for linking panaadhar .
already, this deadline has been extended for 6 months from march 31 to september 30 .
now this duration has been extended for a further 3 months .
the unique identification authority of india uidai is providing each indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the aadhar number .
the income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a permanent income tax account number pan number for tax paying individuals and companies .
the central board for direct taxes has made an announcement on 01 july 2017 to link the aadhar number with the income tax number .
the deadline to link aadharpan has been extended many times .
meanwhile, the supreme court which is investigating the case filed against providing the aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last september, declaring the aadhar scheme to be legal .
also, the supreme court made a ruling that the aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax .
it was announced in the central budget on the 5th of last july, that using the aadhar number instead of the pan number when filing income tax would be sufficient .
dmk leader mk stalin today visited the keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the tamil culture in the banks of river vaigai .
the results of the keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient tamil literature is the life of the real tamils, and is not just fiction .
the urban civilisation in the banks of the river ganges started during 6th century bc .
but the tamils of the banks of the river vaigai in the south were at the peak of urban civilisation during 6th century bc tamils led a wealthy life with very high literacy and knowledge, and this was scientifically proven by evidence from the excavation .
the results of the keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the indian subcontinent .
the public is visiting the keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every tamilian .
recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar katchi seeman visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
following him, today the dmk leader, mkstalin visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
the cpm mp svenkatesan and many leading executives of dmk accompanied him .
in connection with this, stalin has uploaded a video of his visit to his twitter page under the title “while visiting the keezhadi sites that reminded the world about the tamil civilisation” .
trump wants the ukraine president to be investigated! .
the white house has confirmed the information released about donald trump’s telephone request to conduct an investigation of the former vicepresident joe biden, a probable presidential candidate of the democratic party .
an impeachment resolution is being proposed against trump by democrats in the house of representatives, citing such an action to initiate an inquiry against an american leader by pressuring another country is wrong .
regarding this, upon the order of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, 6 committees have been formed and an investigation is being initiated .
trump contacted the ukraine president volodymyr zelensky via phone on july 25 during that conversation trump asked him to conduct an investigation .
yesterday, the white house officially released a report regarding the conversation between the presidents of the two countries .
hence it is accepted that such a conversation is true .
meanwhile, during his interaction with the reporters after leaving a united nations meeting, trump said this was a friendly request .
there was no pressure on the ukrainian president .
but one notable issue in this is the sudden stopping of aid worth around 400 million dollars that is being given to ukraine by the american government .
that aid was later allocated .
the cadres of the democratic party see a connection between this and the conversation between trump and the ukrainian president .
hence, this incident is creating a storm in the american politics .
hunter, the son of joe biden was appointed as a paid board member of burisma holdings of ukraine in april, 2014 .
it is notable that this company is involved in natural gas exploration activities in crimea, a ukrainian peninsula annexed by russia .
an official enquiring a scam against burisma holdings was dismissed .
the republic party alleges that joe biden is behind this .
despite this, hunter biden continues to deny this charge of using his family connection to further his own professional benefit .
a government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, has created a stir .
minister sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in tn palayam near gobi, erode district .
when the journalists were taking photos of him, the assistant executive engineer of tamil nadu water and drainage board, muthulingam, was interrupting them .
the reporters said “sir, please move to that side” .
he said “whom do you want to move, are you such a great man” and tried to attack the journalists .
minister sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave .
subsequently, higher officials chased muthulingam from the function .
however, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him .
when he learned about this, minister sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of tamil nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol .
also it is said that he has requested them to suspend muthulingam .
historical evidence to establish the fame of keezhadi was found out in the 5th phase of excavation, said minister pandiyarajan .
during his speech, after visiting in the presence of jayakanthan, the minister of khadi and village industries gbaskaran, the minister of tamil official language and tamil culture told the press .
the 5th phase of archaeological excavation is proving to be a turning point in the historical analysis of ancient tamil nadu .
the prosperity of keezhadi dates from 6 bc to 1 ad .
the evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river vaigai .
the scientific estimation in the keezhadi excavation has dated the tamilbrami back a further 100 years this study has revealed that the tamil society was a literate community in 6 bc .
also the samples of 70 pieces of bone that were excavated in this study were sent for scientific analysis to deccan college, the masters and research institution .
these pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock .
this study shows that animals such as cow, buffalo, and goat were used in agriculture, and the scars found in the bone samples of antelope, goat and wild boar shows that these animals were used for eating .
the results of this analysis show that the ancient community which was primarily engaged in agriculture, also engaged in livestock farming .
the samples of roofing made of brick and limestone, and the coating of sheath wells, were being sent for analysis to velur technical university .
during the study, minerals such as silica sand, limestone, iron, aluminium and magnesium were found in each of these .
work is in progress to construct a museum in the prime location to preserve such rare findings and to make keezhadi to be useful for tamil scholars, students and the public .
furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation will be extended for two more weeks, and the works will be continued .
similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the minister for tamil official language and tamil culture .
the manamadurai mla snagarajan, former member of parliament senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology jeevanandam, guardian asaithambi, thiruppuvanam tahsildar raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event .
a glittering function was conducted on behalf of the andhra club by ashiana subham senior housing company with fashion show for the elderly, dance, song and celebration for the international day for the older persons .
a 92 year old granny gave a dance performance of the snake song and stunned everyone .
actress ambika, singer lreswari and poornima kumar gave prizes to ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple .
the events were organised by poornima kumar of virgo events .
businessman nalli kuppusamy chetti, actress ambika, singer lr eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition .
15 grannies participated in the fashion show .
haripriya won the first prize .
sureka, radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively .
smart grandpas wore fashion dresses and marched .
manick won the first place and kannan won the 2nd place .
suzanne, kala and vanaja won the best dancing granny prize .
in the mr and mrs chennai competition, ramanan couple won first place and seenivasan balambal couples won second place .
the families of the elderly participated and encouraged them .
92 year old lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise .
like women’s day and valentines day, older persons day should be celebrated in a grand manner said poornima kumar of virgo events .
labour commissioner muthumanickam participates in the international labour organisation meeting .
the international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations .
throughout all the countries in the world the labour laws are framed only upon the basis of the traditions and recommendations of international labour organisation of the united nations .
a review of such traditions and recommendations will be held till the 27th in the campus of international labour organisation in geneva, switzerland .
this meeting will consult and discuss all the traditions and recommendations, and forward them to be referred by the administrative council .
the chief deputy labour commissioner of the ministry of central labour and employment muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the indian government .
international labour unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in this tripartite meeting .
a news release by the deputy chief labour commissioner said this is the first time that a deputy chief labour commissioner is being sent as the representative of india for such a job .
meanwhile, sachandrasekar, the father of actor and director vijay, came to tuticorin today via a flight from chennai, in order to participate in a program at nagarcoil in kanyakumari district .
he was asked about the vijay’s speech and the opposition of aiadmk .
in his reply he stated, “subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road .
everyone is talking about this incident .
vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about .
even the court had asked why the persons involved in subasri’s incident have still not been arrested .
in this scenario, it is not unknown why ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone,” he said when asked, “is vijay’s speech a sign of political entry?” .
he said “it doesn’t seem so for me .
and started saying, “let me go, it's urgent” .
the deputy chief minister opaneer selvam today inspected the flats of the tamilnadu slum clearance board located in valliswaran koil thottam, raja annamalaipuram, chennai and listened to the grievances of the public .
the 488 flats which were built during 197980 are in a severely damaged condition .
the deputy chief minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed .
the deputy chief minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sqft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sqft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of rs6789 under housing for all scheme .
he also informed that, with the quotations for this scheme finalized, the works for demolishing the existing flats and construction of new flats will be executed soon .
the deputy chief minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then .
opaneer selvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been constructed for homeless poor people and houses will be constructed for all before 2023 .
ravi mla and officials were present .
the carnatic music competition for young artists is held by the indira sivasailam foundation .
as a prelude to the indira sivasailam foundation annual music festival at the chennai music academy, the indira sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “anwesha quest for the best” .
the “anwesha bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “the music academy advanced school of carnatic music” and the awardees of the indira sivasailam foundation .
the participants of the anwesha bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in carnatic music via video format to the facebook page of the indira sivasailam foundation .
this year around 100 participants from tamil nadu, andhra, telengana, karnataka and kerala including a few participants from usa and middle eastern countries uploaded their material to participate .
the team of judges included professor ritha rajan, drrsjayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of the music academy advanced school of carnatic music, and the recipient of this year’s indira sivasailam foundation medal, drbandhula .
apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 1015 flute and violin, competitions for artists of ages 1620 have also been introduced this year .
the participants of all 3 categories in this event showcased their talents .
the details of the winners of the anwesha 2019 competition are as follows .
swathika, dhuruv spathangi and in the musical instrument category kamatchi ambathiputhi, aprameya seshadri are the winners .
rtshyam raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 1620 years .
the members of anwesha judges team were drbandhula rama, professor ritha rajan, dr rsjayalakshmi and sunita subramanian of the indira sivasailam foundation presented the prizes to the winners .
the visitors and participants who came to witness the event lauded the efforts of the indira sivasailam foundation that protects the art form of carnatic music .
an indian girl who fought against child marriage awarded with bill gates foundation award .
a 17 year old girl from rajasthan awarded with “change maker” award by bill gates foundation, for fighting against child marriage and child labor .
payal jankit 17 hails from hinsla village, 100 kms from jaipur in rajasthan district .
she seriously campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labor that was prevalent in her village .
she made this campaign in a few villages near her village also .
so many child marriages were stopped in that area .
to honor this act bill and melinda gates foundation has announced her award .
in this scenario, the award ceremony was conducted on tuesday night at new york, america .
payal jankit received the award from deputy general secretary amina jmohammed .
in her speech after receiving the award payal said, “there were many problems in our village .
particularly, girl child will not be sent out for studies .
they will be married at a very young age .
my family decided to marry me also at a very young age .
at that time, i approached a social activist and pacified my father .
subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school .
we went door by door and created awareness about this among all .
parents should create an opportunity for each child to enhance their lives” .
a period of public amnesty has been announced again in jordan .
the embassy of jordan has announced that this period of public amnesty which started on september 22, will be in force until november 29, the bureau of foreign employment has said .
during this amnesty period, foreign employees who went to jordan on a business visa and have stayed beyond the stipulated time, can return to the country without paying any fine .
however, foreigners who travelled on tourist visas and are staying beyond the stipulated period illegally, can leave after paying a fine, the embassy of jordan has said .
such a public amnesty period had been announced last february in jordan for foreigners who were illegally staying there, requiring them to leave the country .
is bjp indulging in caste politics to gain a foothold in tamil nadu? .
being unable to make its lotus blossom in tamil nadu after so many unsuccessful attempts, it is said that bjp is finally indulging in caste politics .
during the first tenure of modi as prime minister, lotus was in a position to be searched in tamil nadu .
twice during the justconcluded mp election, amit shah said sternly “i won’t care about what you may do lotus must blossom in tamil nadu” .
but it lost in all 5 constituencies it had contested .
although the whole nation supported bjp, there is still an antibjp wave in tamil nadu .
triple talaq, the kashmir problem, enforcing hindi, and one nation one language problems were above all these .
all these problems have added to the woes of the party .
hence it is said that bjp high command is very angry with the tamil nadu bjp executives, and there is a problem with even the state president not being nominated .
however, bjp is planning to gain a stronghold in tamil nadu at any cost, before the upcoming elections .
from direct field reports, it seems that the bjp high command has almost reached a decision .
accordingly there is a thought among the people of nadar, vanniyar and devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both admk and dmk .
so they are upset with the dravidian parties, it is said .
bjp has cleverly started playing this card .
it is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post .
the appointment of tamilisai soundararajan as the telengana governor is such a move .
similarly, it is said that the bjp government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in isro .
it is true that this action of bjp to honour each community will make the people of that community feel proud and happy .
also, this caste politics will reward bjp with what it cannot achieve by other means .
at the same time, with tamil nadu already being spoiled by caste politics, it is not known if these activities of bjp will further fan the flames .
incase the caste feelings are fanned further, bjp will lose even the smallest gains it has made so far! .
drunkard kills a laborer near villupuram .
a laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in valavanur, villupuram .
tension prevailed as the subinspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked .
thanigairaj 28 is the son of pichaikaran of kengarampalayam colony at valavanur near villupuram .
he was a laborer .
ayyanar 33 is the son of kasinathan from the same area .
these two often engaged in disputes and confrontations in that area in an inebriated state .
there were cases on these two in valavanur police station also .
in this scenario, the tender coconut seller ayyanar, used to threaten people regularly with a sickle used to cut tender coconuts, during night times in an inebriated state .
in this aspect, after consuming alcohol on saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle .
during that time due to pre existing animosity ayyanar went to the house of thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him .
in the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts .
thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot .
subsequently, he was roaming in the road, chasing people with the sickle .
on knowing the information valavanur subinspector manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him .
subinspector manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time .
immediately he was admitted in a private hospital and received treatment .
subsequently, police chased down ayyanar and took him to the police station .
on knowing about the incident, villupuram dsp jsankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot .
police security was provided as the killing in kengarampalayam created fear in the pondicherry border area .
upon complaint about this incident, valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested ayyanar and are investigating .
road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by new prince sri bhavani arts and science college at medavakkam near chennai and chennai corporation traffic police department madipakkam traffic police circle .
the director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college, mprabakaran welcomed all .
the function was held in the presence of senior principal vkarunanidhi, principal vuma devi, and vice principal amadhiyapaes pacheli .
the vicepresident of the prince educational group lnaveen prasad presided over the function and opened the road safety awareness camp .
the madipakkam traffic police inspector sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students .
in his speech he told that the importance of the rules of road should start with the students, because the parents and this society are dependent on them .
the youth are the most affected in road accidents, and to avoid accidents, awareness programs like this must be conducted .
traffic rules need to be followed by everyone, not for the sake of avoiding fines, but to safeguard your precious lives .
students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle .
students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly .
drivers should provide enough cooperation to the traffic police .
if every college regularly monitors students following traffic rules, the invaluable lives of students can be saved .
the future of the country is in the hands of the youth, and it is the essential duty of traffic police and the public to safeguard the youth .
subinspector ravikumar, head constables kandeepan, seenivasan, thiyagarajan also took part in this camp .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile who was the pioneer of the national medicine policy .
he was killed under mysterious circumstances in the guyana islands .
he was the first professor in the country in the department of medicine .
professor vibile worked as the first dean of the faculty of medicine at peradanai university .
he revealed the actions taken by the multinational medicine companies for the sale of medicines and was subjected to various pressures from these vendors .
the loss faced by the government due to the import of drugs under various names amounts to crores of rupees .
he made the government aware of the need for a national drug policy .
he worked towards giving 335 types of essential medicines to patients at a reasonable price and of the highest quality .
due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies .
the mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved .
the prime minister narendra modi didn’t say a single word regarding the kashmir issue during his speech at the united nations assembly today .
the 74th session of the united nations assembly is currently in progress .
prime minister narendra modi spoke on behalf of india today .
during his speech he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism .
during his speech he quoted lines of the tamil poet kaniyan poonkundranar “the world is one, all are relations” .
modi proudly said that the contribution of india in global warming is moving towards a solution, and said that india is contributing less to global warming and giving more solutions .
the government of india is taking serious initiatives to make india free of plastics .
he also said that a large scale health insurance plan is being implemented in india .
modi quoted the nice lines ‘world is one, all are relation’ in tamil .
but he did not refer to jammu kashmir at any point during his speech .
the reason for this is the strong determination of the central government that jammu kashmir is an internal problem of india .
with pakistan wishing to make it an international issue, modi has intentionally avoided any words about jammu kashmir, say political observers .
this has sent a message to the countries of the world that kashmir is an internal issue of india .
in a literacy test conducted in kerala, 2,993 tribal people have passed .
an 85 year old elderly woman has also passed in this exam .
as per the 2011 census, 9391 of the people in kerala are literate .
kerala government is taking efforts to make it 100 .
the state literacy commission was formed for this purpose .
this commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy .
importantly, this commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrant workers .
classes for providing literacy to the tribal dominated area in vayanad district were conducted from last february and exams were conducted recently .
this exam was conducted for 100 marks 30 marks were allotted for competency in reading, 40 marks for writing competency, and 30 marks for knowledge in mathematics .
it is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam .
3,090 tribal people from vayanad district took part in the exam .
the literacy commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed .
this includes an 85 year old woman .
the director of school education, skannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and governmentaided schools on october 3 .
he sent out a circular regarding this, to the chief educational officers and district educational officers of all districts on wednesday .
free notebooks for government and governmentaided schools are given to all districts through tnpl .
similarly, free books for the second term were sent through the tamil nadu textbook society .
chief educational officers of all districts have to distribute books and notebooks for all government and governmentaided schools in their districts before september 30 .
in his circular, he also asked them to instruct all headmasters to distribute the free books and notebooks on the first day of term, after quarterly exams .
today is the international day for access to information .
on account of this, the ministry of public media department has announced information month .
this will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month .
during this period many programs to encourage actions regarding the right to access information will be implemented .
the law to access information will be passed in the sri lankan parliament in 2016 .
this activity will further strengthen democracy .
this law is currently ranked as the fourth of its kind in the world .
usage of plastic products banned at bjp headquarters in delhi .
the usage of single use plastic products like water bottles is banned there .
india is getting ready for the busy elections .
elections will be held in maharashtra and haryana on 21 next month .
election results are to be announced on 24 of the same month .
now all the parties are getting ready for that seriously .
in this scenario, bjp held its election working committee in delhi .
prime minister modi, bjp national president amit shah, bjp national executive president jp natta took part in the discussion .
previously prime minister modi held discussions with the election working committee of bjp during last march .
later, during his independence address he urged to avoid plastics .
he had requested to avoid single use plastic products .
in this scenario, usage of sngle use plastics in totally banned in bjp headquarters .
importantly, water bottles were totally given up .
water bottles were not to be used in today’s bjp meeting also .
as an alternate for this, water will be served in glass jar for those coming there .
it is said that this is based on the request of prime minister modi .
it should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action .
gulalai ismail hails from pakistan .
she is a social activist and since her childhood, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honour killings and oppression .
she posted with evidence, the photos of pakistan military indulging in sexual harassment against women and girls belonging to the aboriginal pashtun group in some areas including khyber pakhtunkhwa, baluchistan province, in social media .
“treason charges” are filed on gulalai and the country’s police is seriously trying to arrest her .
but with the help of her friends and relatives, gulalai ismail has escaped from pakistan and has taken refuge in the united states .
meanwhile, the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan made a speech the day before yesterday at the un council in new york, america .
“there are no militant groups in pakistan so we should all unite against terrorism,” he said .
police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging .
ramakrishnan was a resident of odappalli area near pallipalayam, namakkal district .
his son is devendran age 27 .
he was employed as the tower manager in a famous private cell phone company .
devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house .
suddenly there was an electrical leakage and devendran was electrocuted .
he was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically .
on learning of this incident, the pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry .
later, the body of devendran was sent to pallipalayam government hospital for postmortem .
a complaint was made at pallipalayam police station regarding the incident .
upon receiving this the police filed a case and are now investigating .
this incident has caused a stir in the local area .
the supreme court has strongly warned that it cannot grant even a oneday time period after october 18 to present the arguments .
the supreme court is hearing the appeals that are made against the verdict of allahabad high court in the ayodhya case .
the supreme court has been hearing the case on a daily basis since the 6th of last month .
the court has advised to complete the arguments before october 18 .
a bench headed by the chief justice ranjan gogoi is hearing this case .
the hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last monday .
during yesterday’s arguments the islamic organisations objected to the 2003 statement of the archaeological department .
commenting on this, the judges said, “if there are any objections to the statement of the archaeology department, you might have raised them in the allahabad high court .
there you will be granted relief as per the law .
we won’t allow that to be raised here” .
in this scenario, the ayodhya case came for hearing again today .
during the hearing the islamic organisations begged pardon if they had wasted court time by objecting to the statement of the archaeology department .
the lawyer of the islamic side has not lost his right to question the statement of the archaeology department .
bu the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court, said the judges .
the judges pointed out that the arguments need to be completed by october 18 and accordingly, the hindu and islamic sides need to specify the time period to complete their arguments .
the judges also informed that they cannot grant even one day to present their arguments after october 18, and it will be fine if the judgment is given within four weeks of this case .
they also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present their counter arguments of the hindu organisations, as there are more holidays during october .
“just increase the dosage of the tablets for dengue nothing will happen otherwise”, uttarakhand bjp chief minister trivendra singh has said .
around 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in uttarakhand .
the officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in dehradun and 1,100 people in haldwani are suffering from dengue .
among them, 4 people died in dehradun and 2 people died in haldwani .
a report by the state health department itself declared the death of 8 people up to september 17 .
replying to questions from journalists that infection spread by mosquitoes is on the rise despite these efforts, trivendra singh said, “patients affected by dengue should take a 650mg paracetamol dose instead of a 500mg dose, and rest for some time, then they will be cured” .
the death of a priest in thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area .
govindaraj age 45 was residing in iraiyamangalam near thiruvallur .
he was a priest and is unmarried .
he also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga .
being from nanganallur, chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone .
he was growing herbal plants all around the house .
in this scenario, a young woman lavanya, from besant nagar, chennai, visited last saturday and stayed with govindaraj .
govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house .
suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise .
in this incident the body of govindaraj caught fire .
he ran out of the house shouting .
lavanya who came out upon hearing the noise, was shocked to see the scorched body of govindaraj .
govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot .
on hearing this information, mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to thiruvallur government hospital for postmortem .
lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded .
it is not known if the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room was a bomb .
what was the object that exploded in the pooja room? .
it is not known if it is a bomb .
forensic expert nalina and officers led by deputy superintendent of police harini collected the evidence at the scene, which was then sent for analysis .
the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room will only be known after the results are received .
there were also blood stains in the pooja room .
police suspect that there would have been no chance of bleeding during the fire .
based on the post mortem report of govindaraj, the police have planned to conduct a further inquiry .
in relation to this incident, the lady who was staying with him is also being investigated .
the death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area .
cbcid police are investigating the neet impersonation case .
in this scenario, an investigation was conducted with both the arrested udit surya and his father venkatesan, the day before yesterday at theni cbcid office .
the southern region superintendent mr vijayakumar and deputy superintendent mr hardwin jagadeeshkumar, cbcid inspector ms chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement .
later after completing the medical checkup, they were presented before the magistrate of theni sessions court, mr paneer selvam .
did filming of the actor sasikumar cause suffering to patients of a government hospital? .
the resulting noise from the film shoot made all the inpatients of the hospital suffer considerably .
many people including night duty doctors, nurses and staff watched the film shooting .
upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by pon ram starring actor sasikumar .
reports say that proper permission was not obtained from the hospital administration for the shooting of the film .
immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew .
on hearing about the incident, the kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning .
however, the film crew had already fled the scene prior to this, said people at the scene .
we contacted the film crew for an explanation regarding the incident .
but we were unable to reach them .
the nataraja statue rescued from australia, was kept in the premises of kallidaikurichi kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday .
the kallidaikurichi aramvalartha nayaki with kulasekaramudayar temple is in tirunelveli district .
the panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall nataraja statue, sivakami ambal, manickavasagar, sripalinathar in the nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982 .
it came to be known that these statues were in an australian museum .
upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing pon manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to tamil nadu .
subsequent to the order of the kumbakonam court, it was brought to kallidaikurichi yesterday .
the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, was given a warm welcome by the public with musical instruments .
later the statue was kept in the shrine of the kulasekaramudayar temple .
special officer pon manickavel said the other three statues including sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon .
those who are involved with this incident will be arrested soon .
the cbcid police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the neet exam impersonation case .
udit surya and father drvenkatesan working in stanley medical college, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the neet exam .
with them being continuously questioned, drvenkatesan was suspended yesterday .
meanwhile, the cbcid police were intensely investigating the impersonation case .
with 3 medical students of kanchipuram district caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today .
the cbcid police have today arrested abirami, praveen, rahul of krishnagiri and villupuram medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them .
6 mediators were also arrested in this case .
it is said that cbcid is now acting, based on the statement given by the father of udit surya when he was questioned .
the cbcid has said that shocking information has been continuously released in the neet exam impersonation case .
the evolving method of new graduates from universities protesting in streets due to lack of employment is thanks to an education system that has deviated from the fields of science, technology and research, president maithripala sirisena has said .
so, it is also very important to make necessary basic changes in the national educational policies and introduce and implement the newer education systems of developed nations, stated the president .
the president said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘shilpa sena’ exhibition that began in the polannurava gallele national stadium yesterday .
under the guidance of the ministry of the science, technology and research department, the second phase of the shilpa sena exhibition will be featured in the polannaruva gallele national stadium until the 25th, with intellectual and new innovation, along with various entertainment events .
during his address after participating in this inauguration event, the president also said that the progress in the world is through new inventions that are created from research in science and technology .
more cooperation is needed from science, technology and research departments to confront the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climatic changes the president also explained the need of experts in these fields .
the president, who noted that selfcentred thinking and acting of a majority of people in the fields of politics, science, technology and research without thinking about the nation is an important challenge in the journey towards development he also pointed out that it is a big problem that the country is losing much needed scholars to serve as engineers, doctors and auditors because of scholars who think only about themselves and leave their nation after receiving free education .
the shilpa sena exhibition which is being held under the theme of ‘wealthy nation by strong hands’ is primarily divided into five sections regarding business initiative, business market, new strategies, blue green zone and entertainment .
in the technology department under the important themes of stem education, space technology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, mechatronics, new power strength, blue green technology, 5g, and iot it has been arranged to promote modern scientific, technological and research knowledge .
in the new products section of the shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial .
the president also interacted with the team after inaugurating and visiting the exhibition .
many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research chinthka lokuhetti participated in this event .
dusshera festival in mutharamman temple, kulashekaranpattinam began with flag hoisting .
the annual dusshera festival held in kulashekaranpattinam mutharamman temple near thiruchendur is famous throughout the world .
in india more people gather for dusshera only in kulasai, next to samundeeswari temple in mysore .
worshipping the god dressed in various attires after fasting and giving their vows is the uniqueness of mutharamman temple festival .
among them, persons dressing as godess kali fasting severly for 48 days is more special .
the dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag .
dusshera festival will be held for 10 days .
the important event of dusshera festival, the killing of the giant mahisha will be held on 8th october .
on the night of that day, lord ambiga who will rise up in kulashekarapattinam seashore will kill the giant mahisha .
it is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will come to worship the lord amman, on account of the festival .
the devotees have the privilege of worshipping the godess and god together as mutharamman sits in the sanctum with gnanamoortheeswarar .
the devotees strongly believe that godess mutharamman will solve problems related to psychiatry, marriage and child birth .
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit indonesia on thursday .
regarding this the country's national disaster rescue system and rescue force said .
there was a powerful earthquake near ambon city in malukku islands on thursday at 845 am local time .
it was recorded as 65 units in richter scale .
many buildings collapsed in this earthquake there were also landslides at many places .
20 persons lost their lives in these incidents .
they lost their lives getting caught in building ruins and getting buried in landslides .
among them a woman lost her life when she fell from her two wheeler while driving it towards a higher altitude fearing a tsunami attack .
apart from this 100 people were injured due to earthquake 2,000 persons were shifted to safe areas, said the officials .
there is information that ambon city where about 4 lakh people live and surrounding areas were affected by this earth quake .
as tremors jolted the city hospital, patients and others left the hospital urgently .
subsequently, temporary camps were setup and patients are lodged in them, says information .
it should be remembered that about 4,300 people died in an earthquake of magnitude 75 in the richter scale that hit indonesia last year .
robbery attempted in kanchipuram atm .
a mysterious gang of 3 persons on a motor cycle escaped on seeing the police .
there is a state bank of india at velinga pattarai area of kanchipuram .
today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the atm and saw the camera at the door of the atm .
then the applied the spray brought by them on the camera .
kanchipuram taluk police inspector baskar, subinspector chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way .
on hearing the horn of the police the 3 persons escaped on the motor cycle in which they have come .
but the inspector baskar chased them for some time .
but they entered a narrow lane and escaped .
the kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the atm .
as the police came there on patrol, lakhs of rupees in the atm was safe .
tamils should appreciate prime minister modi for his speech praising the riches of the tamil language, un council minister sellur raju has said .
the minister for the department of cooperation usually relaxes the gathering in the meetings of aiadmk party through his witty speech .
also, during his press conferences his opinions made the headlines .
during his speech in un council, the prime minister modi had quoted “the world is one, all are relations” a line from ancient tamil literature, purananooru .
he has mentioned that the tamilians should thank and appreciate prime minister modi and it is our duty .
also, prime minister modi had “glorified tamil among world leaders”, he said .
he said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at arappalayam bus stand, madurai .
this interview with minister sellur raju has made even the cadres of bjp feel shy .
he also said that the rule of law prevails in tamil nadu, and the arrest of former admk councillor jayagobal is the best example for that .
the admk government will not support wrong deeds by anyone, and will take action without prejudice, he promised .
tahil ramani served as the chief justice of chennai high court .
after one year since her appointment as the chief justice, the collegium recommended the central government appoint another chief justice for chennai .
accordingly, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as the chief justice of meghalaya high court .
justice tahil ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium .
but her demand was rejected .
subsequently, she submitted her resignation .
at this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani .
meanwhile, the central government announced that it had accepted the resignation of tahil ramani .
the case was also dismissed .
meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for tahil ramani on behalf of the associations of chennai high court lawyers .
a protest was staged by the secular progressive alliance, condemning the violence of hindu munnani and urging speedy action by the police .
on the 5th of last month, more than 60 hindu munnani activists gained unauthorised entry into the premises of a knitwear company in angeripalayam road in tirupur .
the employees there were subjected to an attack and their belongings were also damaged .
the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with this incident .
the business community, various political parties, activists and citizens have heavily condemned this incident a protest condemning this incident was announced on 9th of last month by the secular progressive alliance of tirupur .
with the permission denied, a complaint was given to the district collector and tirupur district police commissioner .
in a discussion that followed, a protest was announced by the secular progressive alliance again on september 17 .
since the police department denied permission for this also, a protest “condemning the violent approach of hindu munnani and urging speedy action from the police” was conducted defying the ban .
kselvaraj, dmk secretary of tirupur north district headed the agitation .
executives from all parties including cpim state committee member kkamaraj, smuthukannan, cpi m secretary, tirupur district, mravi, cpi secretary, tirupur district, ramasamy of congress party, and sampath from the mdmk, all took part in the agitation .
the police interrupted the protest citing lack of permission .
during this time, the secular progressive alliance parties said hindu munnani activists attacked a knitwear company in tirupur on the 5th of last month and indulged in violence .
condemning this event, we have asked for proper permission to conduct a protest democratically, but the police department denied it regarding this, we made a complaint to the collector, and police commissioner the police denied us permission, considering the importance of the demands we are conducting, to protest democratically in a nonviolent way defying the ban .
also the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with the attack on the knitwear company .
they urged the police to take speedy action to arrest hindu munnani agitators in connection with this incident .
since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban .
in the agitation, voices were raised against the attack on the knitwear company by hindu munnai and against various forms of communal violence unleashed by hindu munnani .
that the protest was conducted democratically, and with control by the secular progressive alliance, creating awareness against violence among the people of tirupur, is not an overstatement! .
rs100 crore was collected from ticketless train travellers .
railway police will file a case and impose fines on those travelling without tickets on trains .
the number of ticketless travellers has increased compared to last year .
a news release of the central railway has revealed that that from april to september 2018, a total of 1742 lakh cases had been filed, and rs8798 in fines was collected this year from april to september, 1915 lakh cases were filed and rs10029 were collected in fines .
the district collectors of namakkal and thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the central government for best performance in medical service, to the chief minister edappadi palanisamy and were greeted by him .
the district collector of namakkal district masia mariam showed the award presented by the central government for best implementation of the scheme “save girl child, educate girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio the district collector of thiruvallur district maheswari ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 692019 in a function held in new delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people she was greeted by the chief minister edappadi palanisamy at the secretariat .
the minister of social welfare and nutritious meal department drvsaroja, chief secretary kshanmugam, the secretary for social welfare and nutritious meal department smadhumadhi, social welfare commissioner tabraham were present during this event .
“if i do it, people also will come forward to do this!” says ram singh regarding this initiative, “people were fed up with the hardships of purchasing large amounts of vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution .
with so many people complaining about this, it does not seem that they thought of an alternative way, or realised that the solution lies with them .
the proper solution to this is, only if i do what i believe, people will be ready to follow .
so my wife and i walk 10 kms once a week to purchase vegetables .
since this has continued for six months, we are now used to it .
now i am mentally very satisfied” he says .
“many said that it would be tough to walk, carrying large amounts of vegetables i recommended them to carry a bamboo basket with them to fight against the plastic threat .
but they laughed at this .
so my wife and i went to the market carrying a bamboo basket .
only then did i realise that it would be helpful in many ways .
many youths are not physically healthy nowadays .
i think they should start walking and control their diet .
i deeply believe that only traditional methods can provide the best solutions for new challenges that are brought up by the modern world .
if a person follows traditional methods, he could be “fully fit” says an excited ram singh ias .
dr gsengottuvelu, specialist in heart surgery has informed that cardiovascular diseases including heart attack are the leading factors for death throughout the world .
world heart day is celebrated on september 29 of every year .
to mark this, an awareness program named “lets unite with heart – save our heart” was conducted by drgs heart foundation at thiyagaraya nagar in chennai on 2792019 .
chief consultant of apollo hospital and interventional cardiac treatment specialist drsengottuvelu presided over this event .
led by the special guest film actor sivakumar everyone including doctors took the oath heart saviours – the heroes of heart .
following this sivakumar delivered a speech about leading a healthy life .
the head of the hospital dr amuruganathan received it .
during his speech in this event expert dr gsengottuvelu said .
cardiac diseases including heart attack is the number one factor for the loss of lives worldwide .
in india heart diseases are on the rise .
youths are also affected by cardiac arrest .
if we are aware and maintain a safe physique, 80 percent of heart diseases can be prevented .
if our mother, father, grand father and grand mother have heart diseases then there are chances for us also to have heart diseases .
if we maintain a proper life style, we can prevent heart diseases to an extent .
with the modern medicines we have now, we can predict those prone to heart attack in advance .
if detected at an early stage, heart attack can be prevented .
in case of a heart attack, it can be healed soon .
thus he spoke .
the disqualification period of the sikkim chief minister premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years .
so the stalemate has been removed for damang to contest in the byelection .
sikkim assembly elections were held along with loksabha elections .
sikkim granthikari morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election .
the leader of that party premsingh damang took charge as the chief minister of the state .
but damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case .
since this was confirmed by the supreme court also, he was imprisoned .
since a person sentenced to prison in a corruption case cannot contest in elections for 6 years, there was a controversy even while he assumed office .
in this scenario damang is contesting in the sikkim byelection .
damang is ruling in sikkim with the support of bjp .
meanwhile, damang has sent a letter to the election commission requesting to remove the 6 year ban imposed on him to contest in elections, quoting various sections of law .
the election commission has announced that it has reduced the ban period to one year and a month, after considering his letter .
thus there is no ban for damang to contest in the assembly byelection .
using the concession given to damang the bjp may start its political game in other states including tamilnadu .
statements may also be released from election commission fulfilling the wishes of the bjp in entirety .
government doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya has been suspended in the neet exam impersonation case .
also, a person called joseph who acted as the mediator in the impersonation case, was arrested in kerala .
udit surya, a student who was admitted to theni medical college was found to have impersonated in the neet exam .
subsequently, police filed a case against udit surya and his family .
but udit surya and his family escaped and absconded .
also udit surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court .
in this scenario, police arrested udit surya who was staying with family in tirupathi .
the family of udit surya was arrested together and was brought to theni and enquired for several hours .
during this enquiry, venkatesan the father udit surya agreed impersonating to make his son a doctor .
following the statement given by venkatesan the police all were produced in court and subsequently jailed .
the father of udit surya worked as government doctor in stanley hospital, chennai .
since he is arrested and jailed now, the government of tamil nadu has suspended him .
and based on the statement of acknowledgement given by venkatesan, a mediator joseph has been arrested in kerala .
he is to be brought to tamil nadu for enquiry .
doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya and doctor in the stanley government hospital, chennai has been suspended in neet exam impersonation case .
meanwhile, the cbcid police today conducted an enquiry in the neet exam coaching centre run by the mediator joseph in thiruvananthapuram .
it is said that joseph has been involved in impersonation scams in a large scale in the name of neet exam coaching centre .
hence doctor venkatesan the father of udit surya approached joseph easily .
also the cbcid police have been inspecting the documents in the coaching centre of joseph .
byelections for the vacant nanguneri and vikravandi constituencies in tamil nadu are to be held on 21st of next month october .
dmk contests in vikravandi constituency nanguneri is given to their ally in congress .
the general secretary of indian national congress and the tamil nadu in charge mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in nanguneri, last night .
ruby manoharan age 60 the president of kanchipuram north district is being announced as the candidate .
ruby manoharan is a native of marayapuram near marthandam in kanyakumari district .
he served in indian air force for 15 years, and is now running a construction company in chennai .
as a special event for the 141st birthday of periyar, letter reformation book was donated to 535 malaysian government tamil schools .
a book titled letter reformation of periyar was introduced in bukhitporundung and menthagob farm government tamil schools .
and this book will be sent to 535 tamil schools functioning in tamilnadu in phases .
in the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools functioning in bakang district and silangur district .
more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools .
and more than 7 thousand teachers are working .
this book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by periyar for tamil language .
during the releasing ceremony of the book mgovindhasamy delivered a speech explaining the editorial of drkveeramani .
during this event chinnaiya was felicitated with periyar volunteer award .
kk raman, a poet and a former tamil school principal and periyar kkraman read a poem about periyar .
it is noteworthy that poet shanmugam from thaiping was awarded with rational poet award also .
there were revolutionary movements before and after bagat singh .
but it is not just an appreciation that bagat singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and through that to indian politics .
today we can sense a feeling among people that revolutionists are blindfolded and don’t care for the lives of the people .
the period of bagat singh shows us their humanity and clear thoughts and capacity .
the name of bagat singh became popular in india after the incident of bombing assembly in april 1929 .
but in tamilnadu he became popular among the public after some time in 1930 .
but within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of tamilnadu .
this is something amazing in history, none of the north indian born leaders including gandhi gained fame in a very short time in tamilnadu .
periyar is the reason behind this .
an editorial titled bagat singh was published in kudiyarasu weekly just after a week of killing of bagat singh .
the editorial appreciated many characters of bagat sngh and also put forth few ideas about the political situation during that period .
excerpts of that editorial .
“if bagat singh was determined that his objectives and the path chosen by him to achieve them is correct, we are sure that he was supposed to act accordingly and if he had not acted so, then we can not call him as a great personality .
so we can now call him as a real man .
it is our strong opinion that india is really in need of the policies of bagat singh .
bagat singh would not have gained such fame if he was not executed .
also we would further say that if bagat singh had not been executed that would have aided the principles of gandhi further .
bagat singh, who would have burnt to ashes after dying due to a disease uselessly got a chance to die usefully showing a path of real equality and peace not only to the people of india but also to the people of the whole world .
we appreciate bagat singh generously that this immortality not easily endowed on everyone .
thus periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the magazine kudiyarasu .
meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher .
the hands of the girl were tied with a plastic tag, and she was taken in a police car to the juvenile assessment centre there her photo was taken with a name board bearing her name, as is normal procedure for criminals .
copies of her finger prints were also recorded .
later, this was reported to the girl’s family and she was handed over to them .
it was not known whether he took another child to the police station .
the grandmother kirkland who consented to disclose the identity of the girl, kaya roll, during her interview to the media, said “my granddaughter, who is suffering from ‘sleep apnea’ sometimes behaves like this due to the effects of her medication .
i was very shocked when i was told that she was arrested for this, it will be very tough for any 6 year old child to explain and understand this .
due to rain and floods in uttar pradesh, 73 persons have died in 4 days the meteorological department has given a red alert in most districts east of uttar pradesh .
in bihar’s capital patna, most of the places have been flooded from rain during the last four days, rail and road transport were disrupted .
due to heavy rain in the state of bihar, many trains were cancelled this morning .
yesterday, the chief minister of the state conducted a meeting via video conference .
all the schools were ordered to be closed until tuesday .
there has been heavy rain in uttarakhand, jammukashmir, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, and many have died in these states due to rain related incidents in the past few days .
uttar pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on friday .
the eastern part of the state is badly affected .
yesterday, pragyaraj received 425mm rain and varanasi received 62mm rain .
this is above the average rainfall for this year .
in various parts of the state 26 people died yesterday .
47 people died during the previous 2 days .
lucknow, amethi, harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain .
the chief minister yogi adityanath has ordered the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety measures .
during the past two days, 6 people died in rajasthan and in madhya pradesh .
three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in udaipur in rajasthan .
on friday, 3 people including a police constable died in rajasthan .
their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the incident spot .
a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released on the 24th .
michael sheyder is the leader of the group that prepared the report .
according to it, the nuclear energy sector, which accounted for 1746 percent of the world’s energy needs in 1996, decreased to 1015 percent in 2018 .
this decline showed that the countries in the world have gone beyond nuclear energy, towards energy that is renewable, and can be used for a long term .
nuclear energy has been pushed back and renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power are gaining a foothold all over the world .
every year many bodies come together and release a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector .
according to the statement released this year, the nuclear energy sector is declining all over the world .
the statement remarks that that the indian nuclear energy sector is also in a bad condition .
bill gates honoured indian prime minister modi by presenting the global goalkeeper for implementing clean india mission .
the indian government led by prime minister modi has announced and implemented the “clean india” scheme .
this scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2102014, the birthday of mahatma gandhi .
the objective of this scheme is to build bathrooms in houses, construct public toilets and creating solid waste management .
more than 10 crore worth of bathrooms have been built under this scheme, throughout the nation .
rural health care is being brought to 98 percent of the villages .
it was announced that modi will be awarded the global goalkeeper award on behalf of the bill and melinda gates foundation as a token of appreciation of this scheme .
in this scenario, the prime minister who was touring the united states was presented the global goalkeeper award today .
the world’s richest man, bill gates honoured modi by presenting the award in a meeting of the un security council .
the receiver of the award, prime minister modi, in his speech told that mahatma gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now come true .
modi also said that he dedicates the award to crores of indians who accomplished clean india mission and also made it as a part of their lives .
modi pointed the words of world health organisation that more than 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the clean india mission .
the present rain and floods has created a disastrous situation resulting in the spread of diseases, the ministry of health has announced .
the ministry of health has advised to avoid stepping into water bodies unnecessarily .
the disastrous situation caused by severe rains in several districts has abated, and people should be careful of this, the ministry of health said .
cases of children and old people getting hospitalised after being affected by the floods have increased .
therefore, the chief medical officer of risk management division hemanth herath, has requested those who are affected to be more careful regarding healthcare .
the ministry of education has released a media statement regarding the vacation leave of teachers and principals .
the statement released by the ministry of education says that suggestions and recommendations are being initiated to solve pay anomalies in the service of teachers and principals .
with the recommendations of the panel to solve pay anomalies of government services ready to be implemented from the first of january next year, to increase the salary of all staff including teachers and principals, the nonavailability of teachers and principals to their service on sick leave, based on the their pay anomalies is very unjust, the ministry of education has said .
it is the right of employees to engage in union activities .
though this is not challenged, being cheated by the opportunistic activities of the union that project the pay hike as a victory for their activities, even after knowing about their pay hike is not suitable for intelligent and dignified professions like teachers and principals .
the education minister sattatharani akilaviraj kariyavasam said in the parliament last july that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government .
the minister also said in parliament on the 7th of june, that the ministry of education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services .
the allowance for principals has been increased from rs650 to rs6,500 .
the promotions that were delayed from the start of 2015 are being initiated properly now .
the procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented .
in order to rescue the presidential service from politics and to solve the deficiencies in the standards of principals in that service, a competitive exam was conducted and around 6,000 people were inducted in the service .
during a short term duration of four and a half years activities including providing opportunity for teachers and principals to be trained in foreign, induction of 25,000 persons in teacher service were implemented .
the media statement released by the ministry of education has today further informed that these are initiated as the objectives for the development of human resources in education department .
there was a complaint regarding a chennai student about passing the neet exam by impersonating and securing admission to theni medical college .
subsequently, this case was transferred to cbcid .
following this, udit surya absconded along with his parents .
in this scenario, a special team caught udit surya, his father venkatesan, and his mother kayalvizhi in the tirupathi foothills .
a goa court has indicted bjp mla atanasio monserrate on the basis of a complaint regarding the rape of a girl .
atanasio was charged with complaint of raping a 16 year old girl .
last year, the police department submitted a 250 page charge sheet against him at the north goa district court .
the trial of this case will start on october 17 .
currently atanasio is a member of panaji assembly constituency .
his age is 55 the incident is alleged to have taken place in 2016, when the age of the girl was 16 .
the girl said that he had raped her by giving her drugs and that her mother had sold her to atanasio for rs50 lakhs .
it should be noted that atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail .
pakistan occupied kashmir was affected the most by the earthquake that struck yesterday evening with its centre in pakistan .
around 25 people died there .
more than 400 people were injured .
pakistan officials informed that an earthquake measuring 58 in the richter scale struck yesterday evening and had its centre in pok, there was a minimum of 25 deaths including women and children and around 400 persons were injured and many of them sustained severe injury .
the american geological survey has informed that the earthquake had its centre at the border separating punjab and pakistan occupied kashmir, 223 kilometer to the north of the river jhelum .
the earthquake was centered around 10 km .
it was felt in most places of punjab and few places of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
however, the “worst damage is in the mirpur district of kashmir occupied,” said the chief meteorologist of pakistan, mohammed riaz .
since the epicenter of the earthquake was near river jhelum, it has created a disaster in the regions lying between jatlan and khari sharif and hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged, said the commissioner of mirpur mohammed dayab .
he said that 12 persons died on the way the main hospital in mirpur and at the same time 13 persons died in various villages between jatlan and khari sharif .
150 persons who are wounded are being treated at dhq hospital .
many were sent to rawalpindi for further treatment .
mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply was cut off in rural areas .
because of this people were unable to either contact their near ones or obtain help .
election king padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the nanguneri byelection .
padmarajan who belongs to veerakkaval pudhur village in mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as vajpayee, manmohan singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi and rajasekara reddy .
in the election for the president he has run against abdul kalam, pranab mukherjee, and ramnath govind .
he has spent rs32 lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination .
don’t consider him a rich person by these deeds, he just belongs to middle class .
in this scenario he contests in the byelection for the nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer natesan, yesterday .
he says that he is running for election in nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the guinness book of records, rather than actually winning .
he says that his name is already in the limca book of records, and once his name is included in the guinness book of records, he will stop competing in elections .
this election king, padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in india .
vikram lander collided heavily against moons floor nasa releases photo evidence .
lroc orbiter of nasa has sent the photos of the spot where vikram lander of chandrayaan2 made a crash landing in the southern pole of moon .
vikram lander of the space ship chandrayaan2 sent by isro landed in the south pole region of the moon on last 7th .
but communication with it was lost in the last minute .
it was considered that the fast crash landing of vikram lander instead of a soft landing on moons surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost .
in this scenario, lroc orbiter of nasa crossed the south pole region on the moon on the 17th of last month .
during that time it filmed the valley between the ridges symphalius n and mansinus c in a sophisticated method and has sent them .
examination of these pictures confirms that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
hence it is seen at a distance from the place of landing .
regarding this deputy project director of nasas lroc said, “lroc orbiter crossed the south pole region of moon on last 17th .
it has sent the photos that were taken during the evening darkness .
upon examining them it was obvious that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
however, the landing site of vikram lander cannot be found accurately .
lroc will cross the south pole region again on the 14th of next month .
since there will be more light during that time, there are more chances to film vikram lander,” he told .
the ideology of modi and american president trump are the same .
modi is campaigning for us president trump without caring about economy .
in the rule of central bjp the concept of federal governance is being questioned, accused sitaram yechuri in a conference held in pudhuchery .
the marxist communist party conducted a seminar titled state rights and antipeople bills in kamban auditorium pudhuchery .
the all india general secretary of marxist communist party sitaram yechuri participated and delivered a special lecture .
in his lecture in the seminar he said the campaign of bjp mentioning one nation, one culture, one election, and one education system has questioned the plurality of india .
if you reject the antidemocratic stand of the government you may be branded antiindian and arrested .
an amendment for law has been made .
he accused that human rights violations are taking place to the extent of calling you as a terrorist for criticizing bjp or posting in social media and being sent to prison and also said that there is an economic crisis in the country .
because the buying power of the people is very low .
but the government has donated 2 lakh crores to rich owners .
everyone should take part in the agitation against this antipeople government that will be held from october 1016 .
continuing his speech he said, the prime minister is campaigning for trump without caring about the nation and economy .
when an actor came from bangladesh for campaigning, the indian government blocked it .
but modi has gone to america and has campaigned for the return of trump as the president .
thus modi has confirmed that the ideology of both is the same .
the concept of federal governance is being questioned in the rule of bjp in the center .
the promises made in the constitution are being spoiled, alleged sitaram yechuri .
balakrishnan, the tamilnadu state secretary of marxist communist party, pudhuchery district secretary rajangam and other leaders participated in the conference .
the minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and fisheries, and aquatic resources development department pherison has said that compensation for all farmers who are enrolled in the agricultural insurance board and that have paid the insurance installment, will be paid within 2 weeks .
the agricultural insurance board has issued an advisory regarding this .
3,000 farmers of the ambarai, monarakalai and athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss .
the minister made this clear during a discussion in the meeting that was held in the auditorium of the ministry of rural economy .
the postal voting for the elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow .
the president of the election commission, mahinda desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month .
facilities for this have been made at the galle district election office .
one has to carry their national identity card or the identity card permitted by the election commission .
two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of periyar in malaysia .
pahang district, mentakab gardens .
around 100 students are studying in this tamil school founded in 1928 .
on 1792019 periyar library was opened here by govindhasamy, president of farm administrators saba and worker in the dravidian movement .
msuma the headmistress of this school, presided over the event .
members of the school’s administrative board, parent teachers association, teachers, students and periyar workers avudayar, raman, chinnaiah participated in this event .
flavoured drinks and fruits were served to students .
periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school .
bukitraja gardens, killan city .
around 160 students are studying in the tamil school here .
periyar centre was opened here .
around 500 books were donated to the centre .
msmallika palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event .
periyar workers and comrades of dravida kazhakam took part in the event .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
books of periyar were donated to teachers .
kadong gardens, banding city .
there are around 100 students and 15 teachers at this school .
the function was held in the presence of the assistant headmistress of the school mrskanagam .
periyar library was opened on 2392019 with over 400 donated books .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
periyar books were gifted to teachers .
the above events were excellently arranged by m govindhasamy .
it is notable that lectures about periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools .
as a continuation of tamil leader drveeramani, an explanation of the periyarism works is given in all the events .
the candidate of the left democratic alliance, mani ckappan has won kerala’s pala assembly constituency byelection .
km mani was a part of congress alliance though he started a new party after splitting from congress .
km mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of kerala .
km mani who served as a central minister and a minister in various departments of kerala, died in last april .
hence the byelection was announced for pala assembly constituency .
the election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month .
mani ckappan ran as the candidate of left front, jose tom pulikkunnel as the candidate of congress alliance, and kottayam hari ran as the candidate of bjp in this constituency .
the votes polled in this election were counted this morning .
the left candidate mani c kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election .
his opponent from congress alliance received 51,194 votes .
mani ckappan the left front candidate, won by a margin of 2,943 votes .
kottayam hari who ran as the bjp candidate received 18,044 votes .
during the 2016 election, bjp received 24,821 votes in this constituency .
bjp has now lost 6,000 votes due to the byelection .
for the past 54 years, congress alliance has dominated in pala constituency .
now the left has put an end to this domination .
there may be severe rains in the coastal areas from batticaloa to maththarai due to the low pressure system in the southwest of the country .
there may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from kangesanthurai and trincomalee to batticaloa .
there may be isolated rains or rain with thunder in the other coastal areas of the country during the evening or night .
in the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the southwest direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour .
during these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 7080 kms per hour .
the department of meteorology has mentioned in its weather report for coastal areas today that in such instances, the sea will be especially turbulent .
in a meeting conducted in new york, united states, prime minister modi insisted that india should be added as a member of the nuclear suppliers group of countries .
prime minister modi is on a 7 day government trip to the united states .
prime minister modi will speak at the un annual general council meeting tomorrow .
he is taking part in various programs and meeting world leaders in connection with this .
as part of that, he met the american president donald trump in the howdy modi event in houston, united states .
the leaders of the two countries discussed various affairs including their bilateral relationship, industry, trade, defence, global issues and the kashmir issue .
subsequently, many ceos of american companies participated in the meeting of the bloomberg world trade forum meeting in new york yesterday .
prime minister modi took part in this and spoke as follows .
producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for india .
the reason is that india is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group .
india will serve as an example for the whole world, if given this chance .
thus prime minister modi spoke .
most of the world’s nuclear trade is controlled by the nuclear suppliers group .
to become a member of this group, india is continuously taking many steps .
though the united states and other countries supported india’s entry, china objected to this, citing india has not signed the nuclear proliferation treaty .
however, it should be noted that on march, 6 american companies announced the setting up of nuclear reactors in india .
burial urn found near pallipalayam .
electricity board staff dug a pit on september 26th for erecting an electric pole in bharathi nagar in kokkarayanpettai, pallipalayam in namakkal district .
a pot was found during the excavation .
upon further excavation, it was found as burial urn .
bones were seen inside .
upon receiving this information, people from the revenue department arrived at the location and collected the bones in the urn .
regarding this, the people in the area were told, “ kokkarayanpettai is located in river side .
hence, more historical symbols can be found if the archaeology department conducts further investigations” .
the all indian council for technical education aicte, the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically .
higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by aicte .
the syllabus for the colleges affiliated with anna university is framed by the university administration .
as per the guidelines released by aicte in june 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 noncurriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters .
the list had 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values and ethics, ethics and best lifestyle, documentation of photos and videos .
the students enrolled in the first year at anna university campus colleges, such as college of engineering, guindy, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering and madras institute of technology in chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects .
among them, btech information technology students selected philosophy among the 12 available subjects .
in the 5th unit of philosophy under the title “knowledge is power”, things told in the bhagavad gita in connection with realising our power, the teachings of lord krishna to arjuna in the bhagavad gita, for controlling our thoughts is being included in syllabus .
meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in tamil nadu to the sudden introduction of the bhagavad gita in the syllabus by anna university .
leaders including the leader of dravidar kazhagam and editor kveeramani, dmk leader mkstalin, teachers, student federations, writers and various parties all condemned this, saying that it was against secularism, and that this planned introduction of religious matters into the syllabus was irrational .
to protest against anna university for suddenly making the bhagavad gita into a lesson, it was announced that a protest will be conducted near anna university by the student wing of the dmk on october 1 .
his objective is to embrace all with equal status .
the minister for the department of housing and construction culture sajit premadasa has informed that his objective is to embrace all people irrespective of race, caste, political party .
during the press conference held at colombo yesterday .
he also said, based on this a declaration of democratic policy that would make the mother land proud will be released soon .
there is no expectation to strengthen the executive power .
he also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries .
the minister sajit premadasa pointed that those involved in corruption will not be allowed to join the presidential election campaign or in the political journey .
dmk high command has nominated 68 mlas in field for vikravandi byelection duty .
byelection for both vikaravandi and nanguneri constituencies are to be held on october21 .
in these constituencies dmk and congress contests against aiadmk in vikravandi and nanguneri respectively .
since aiadmk will give a tough fight in vikravandi constituency with the support of pmk, it is said that the dmk president stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the district secretary ponmudi .
the number of dmk mlas is 100 among them 68 mlas have been nominated in charge of vikravandi byelection by the dmk high command .
32 mlas belonging to the southern states alone are exempted .
they were also being requested to support congress in nanguneri constituency .
ponmudi has been appointed as the president of election working committee and jagathratchagan mp has been appointed as the secretary .
others including aangayarkanni, salem selvaganapathi, and aks vijayan were also appointed .
further, 10 mps were employed in byelection work .
during the election that was held only for velur constituency after parliamentary election, the dmk high command did not depute any mps for the election work .
then stalin advised them to carry on their works as usual .
now they were also given an assignment .
cbi raids the house of former bengaluru police commissioner .
cbi is conducting a search operation in the house of former bengaluru police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities .
after the collapse of the kumarasamy led government in karnataka, bharatiya janata came to power .
yeddyurappa was sworn in as the chief minister .
in this scenario, the audio conversation of baskar rao, who was appointed as the bengaluru police commissioner, featuring a political personality for the post of commissioner was released, and created a stir .
bharatiya janata party complained about phone tapping during the kumarasamy regime .
bharatiya janata leaders were continuously complaining about the telephone tapping of more than 300 persons including the coordinator of the bharatiya janata coalition government sidhdharamaiah, his assistants, and few leaders of secular janata dal, mlas, and higher officials .
the leaders of this party insisted that a proper inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken regarding this .
also, many personalities including the senior congress leaders mallikarjun karge, siddharamaiah, and former minister for police mppatil insisted on an inquiry regarding this .
in his explanation, kumarasamy has said that none of the telephones were tapped and the complaint regarding this is not true, and that he is ready for any type of inquiry .
this telephone tapping has taken karnataka politics by storm .
in this scenario, the chief minister yeddyurappa recommended a cbi inquiry in connection with this .
the cbi has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry .
cbi officials conducted a sudden search in the house of former police commissioner alekkumar, in bengaluru .
this search was conducted based on information that he had stored the data regarding the tapping of phones of political personalities in a pen drive .
whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over .
prime minister narendra modi gave a speech in the united nations general council today on behalf of india .
during his speech he made scathing attacks against terrorism .
during his speech he reminded india is a land where saints like buddha, vivekananda and kaniyan poonkundranar lived .
modi said our country has given buddhas message of peace of buddha to the world, not the war .
hence we are always raising our voice against terrorism .
we also warn the world to be free from the clutches of terrorism .
famous poet kaniyan poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in india has sung, “world is one, all are relations” in tamil, the worlds ancient language .
it means all the places are connected to us .
and the people of the whole world are our relatives .
this is the uniqueness of india .
we don’t consider terrorism as threat to india alone .
we consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity .
hence the whole world must rally against terrorism .
the great spiritual leader swami vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the world religions conference held in chicago 125 years ago .
that message is, “peace and harmony alone is the need .
and not the differences of opinion .
today, i also put forth the same on behalf of the largest democracy in the world .
our message to the world is ‘peace and harmony alone’ .
thus modi remarked in his speech .
sajith premadasa will compete in the sri lankan presidential election as the candidate of united national party .
the sri lankan president election is to be held on november 16 .
gotabaya rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of sri lanka podujana peramuna .
parties including jvp have also announced their candidates .
there was prolonged confusion regarding the candidate of prime minister ranil’s united national party .
it is said that ranil wanted to compete in the president election .
similarly, there was news that the president maithribala sirisena is trying to compete as a common candidate .
it was ranil’s belief that he could garner tamil votes in case of contesting .
sirisena planned for an easy win by sending ranil to prison without allowing him to complete .
but both these plans failed .
now sajith premadasa is projected to be the candidate of united national party .
it should also be noted that sajith is the son of former president premadasa .
proving his strength by uniting his supporters, sajith has emerged as the presidential candidate .
while addressing a grand public meeting in kaluththurai, mathukama region yesterday sajith ferociously said i am not controlled by anyone, i have self respect .
he indirectly attacked ranil .
a reservation put forth by thanthai periyar is under threat in tamil nadu, remarked former minister and member of legislative assembly evvelu .
the birthdays of thanthai periyar and scholar anna were celebrated in the dhivya education institution, chetpet, on thursday .
the correspondent of the dhivya education institution, bselvarasan presided over the function .
the chief guest, former minister evvelu said .
during the rule of many kings including chera, chola, pandya, chalukya and krishnadeva raya, women were not told to study .
but it was only periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property .
scholar anna executed this .
following that path, in the rule of dmk leader kalaignar, women were given reservation and equal rights in property, samacheer kalvi, eligibility criteria and others .
thanthai periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives .
the policy of thanthai periyar is being threatened now .
while we are creating many doctors based on their qualification through samacheer kalvi, we are cheated in the name of neet, he said .
the event was held in the presence of the secretary of the education institution, senthil kumar, deputy president praveen kumar, and administrative advisor podhana praveen kumar .
member of bolur constituency kvsekaran, former mlas rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, chetpet and dmk town secretary murugan spoke at the event .
the principal of the polytechnic college, murugan delivered the vote of thanks .
tamil nadu tourism development corporation hosted many competitions for students on world tourism day, during celebrations conducted at tamil nadu hotel in madurai .
the culinary artists of this hotel, together prepared 101 dishes and displayed them .
dishes made of millets, foods of the madurain region, varieties of rice dishes, gravies, vegetable curries, tiffins and sweets were prepared .
they also prepared north indian and foreign dishes .
it was said that all the variety of foods that are available in a normal hotel, to those of a five star hotel are available in the tamil nadu hotel .
infact protrainers and seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at jerusalem college, in pallikaranai, chennai .
more than 26 banks and non banking financial institutions took part in the event .
more than 7000 youths and students participated .
during his speech, the executive director of infact protrainers balaji said that he felt proud that the banking companies have said that more than 1500 youths have the chance to be selected .
we arranged this camp only for the benefit of unemployed graduate youths and students .
we have conducted this camp without getting any money from the students or from the companies .
it is our objective to conduct these camps continuously at various places and create a society of employed youth .
the 5th phase of excavation is underway at keezhadi in sivagangai district near madurai, on behalf of the tamil nadu archaeology department .
having said that, the excavation which started on 13 june and will be completed on september 30, is to be continued for an additional 15 days .
in this situation, the public, archaeology enthusiasts, and students from various parts of tamil nadu are visiting keezhadi .
minister mafa pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in keezhadi .
he has said that the museum will be setup at an initial cost of 1 crore .
america has stressed to take necessary steps to ease restrictions in jammu kashmir and release all those in preventive detention .
in the 74th meeting of united nations, the deputy secretary for south and central asian affairs alice wells said .
the preventive detention of so many persons in jammu kashmir is worrying .
the indian government should start political activities in that state .
so elections should be held soon as promised .
the restrictions in jammu kashmir need to be eased and those who are detained should be released .
alice wells stressed that the indian government should take necessary steps for that soon .
earlier there was information that trump wants to mediate in jammu kashmir issue .
india strongly objected to this .
then america withdrew its opinion .
subsequently prime minister went to america to participate in united nations general council meeting .
at first modi and donald trump participated in howdy modi event in houston .
later they both attended many events jointly .
at that time, trump praised modi as the father of india .
in this situation, america has now pressurized india on the kashmir issue .
it has been decided in the meeting of the iit council to hike the fees by 10 times in all the technical education institutions throughout india .
technical education institutions called iit education institutions play an important role in creating skilled students all over india .
the meeting of iit council comprising the directors of iit education institutions that are functioning under the central human resources department was held on 2892019, headed by the cabinet minister ramesh pokhriyal .
the decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public .
it has been decided to increase the fees for mtech in iit institutions by 10 times .
in all the iits in india a sum of rs20, 000 to rs50, 000 only is collected as tuition fee per semester .
now that fee has been increased up to rs2 lakhs per year .
in the academic year 20192020, out of the 12 thousand students studying first year, 9,280 students are qualified for scholarship it has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees that is being provided to mtech students .
the central government is going to reduce the fund that is being given to delhi, chennai, mumbai, karagpur, rourkee and guwahati iit institutions .
in order to face the deficit, the central government has increased the fees that are being collected from the students .
also it is said that these institutions are advised to take developmental works with the aid of the construction activities taken up by these technical education institutions and also it has been advised to obtain loans and to get financial aid from corporate companies .
since coming to power, bjp has been doing its level best to block the education that is being given to common men, in the budget for the year 2015 it reduced the fund for primary education, and subsequently it has been drastically reducing the fund for education in each budget .
following this, as a way of providing more facilities to private education institutions, it has been continuously granting permission for big shots to start education institutions .
in this scenario, without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy, it has introduced various rules making the education institutions to function using the fund provided by private institutions .
through these steps it is involved in making only rich people be able to get education from primary level to higher education and making india an illiterate country in the future taking india back to many centuries .
the book “the art of cartoon” written by ranu, released by the editor of kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam was received by former ias officer karpura sundarapandiyan .
the publishing ceremony of the book “the art of cartoon” written by late “cartoonist” ranu alias skramanujam was held at russian cultural centre, chennai on sunday .
the secretary of indorussian trade corporation pthangappan presided over the function .
the author of the kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former ias officer and the president of siddhar research centre rkarpura sundarapandiyan .
the chief guest of the event karpura sundarapandiyan in his speech said .
late cartoonist ranu alias ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists .
ranu has created many students through cartoon research and the education foundation .
generally, a person who is celebrated throughout the world may not be a celebrity in his own family .
in contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of ranu has released his book after his death .
though ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book .
in his speech, keezhambur sankara subramaniam said, skramanujam was a leading cartoonist in india .
he travelled throughout the world and trained students in drawing cartoons .
he was an innovative artist in creating cartoons .
ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation .
he researched the art of cartoon, according to the indian environment for the past 30 years .
he will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons .
the coordinator of ranu cartoon research and education foundation rboopathi delivered the vote of thanks .
many including nallathambi, television executive cperera participated in the function .
how many check dams were constructed in the 8 year admk rule, dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy .
in a statement released by the partys treasurer duraimurugan regarding this, he has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without any knowledge about the public works department .
in his statement the dmk president duraimurugan has stated, the water released in cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration .
as a leader of the opponent party in the legislative assembly, our leader mkstalin has voiced his concern with responsibility that the admk government has no proper plans to save the water of cauvery on its way .
edappadi palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “has the dmk party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?” .
“what i want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across cauvery at mayanur .
can a chief minister, who has public works department also with him, give wrong details without even knowing this detail? .
that check dam built in mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area .
so agriculture prospered .
so you can see that thousands of people belonging to farmer community from that area who are the beneficiaries even today are grateful to dmk forever .
the check dam was built in mayanur according to the need that arisen during at that time .
there was no need to build more check dams then .
had there been any need, the then chief minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works .
so edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about cauvery .
i am asking during the past eight year admk rule, how many check dams have you built across cauvery? .
another question during dmk ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in tamilnadu .
can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous admk regimes? .
don’t lie .
if you have any answer to the accusation of the opponent leader, show us with evidences about the places of construction or about the proposed plans .
leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across cauvery during the dmk regime may be fine for edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said duraimurugan .
the state bank of india has decided to fix the interest based on the repo rates from 1st october .
the reserve bank of india has so far reduced the interest for short term lending repo by 11 percent in four instalments continuously, considering the economic growth of the country .
but there is a complaint that the banks did not even pass half of this benefit onto customers .
at present, banks are determining the interest based on mclr method .
the reserve bank has ordered the fixing of interest rates based on treasury bill and repo interest rate, released by the government for obtaining short term loans, from 1st october .
accordingly, the state bank of india sbi has announced that it has decided to fix housing, vehicle loans and sme loans based on the mclr rate as a scale .
the sri lankan administrative service association is deciding to suspend its union activities temporarily .
the president of the association, prabhath chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet subcommittee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the presidential election .
based on this, he expressed hope that the administrative services, including the department of registration of persons, the emigration and immigration department, and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will all function as usual .
chandrakeerthi also said that the administrative service association expects a favourable outcome regarding their pay anomaly in talks with the ministerial sub committee in the cabinet meeting that is to be held this coming tuesday .
the cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan will be played today .
this is the first match of the one day match series between sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams, and it starts today in karachi .
this match is to start at 330pm sri lankan time .
this is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in pakistan .
the coach of the sri lankan team asantha d mel has expressed his satisfaction over the security arrangements being made for the sri lankan team in pakistan .
he also said that the sri lankan team has been provided a security detail like that of a government leader or equivalent .
three one day internationals and three t20 matches will be conducted between the sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams .
the international cricket council has appointed michael gough and yowilson as the umpires for the one day series .
the technical snag in the flight bound to malaysia was detected while in the runway .
174 passengers escaped with their lives, as the flight was halted subsequently .
malindo flight arrives in trichy everyday at 1035 pm from the malaysian capital kualalumpur .
then it departs to kualalumpur at 1125 pm from trichy .
as usual the flight arrived at trichy in the night of day before yesterday .
then the flight started with passengers to kualalumpur from trichy .
there were 174 passengers in the flight .
the pilot detected a technical fault in the eliminator of the plane while in the runway .
so he halted the flight in the runway .
then the flight was brought to the starting point in the airport and was halted .
engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault .
so the passengers were seated in the flight for two hours .
but as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane .
subsequently 138 passengers were lodged in a private lodge .
other passengers either rescheduled their travel dates or cancelled their tickets and returned back to their homes .
if the plane had taken flight with technical fault, it would have resulted in an accident .
but due to the timely detection of the technical fault by the pilot, the plane did not fly .
so it is remarkable that all the 174 passengers escaped their lives .
in this scenario, the technical fault in the plane was repaired .
subsequently the flight departed to kualalumpur yesterday evening at around 5 pm with 138 passengers .
the indian health department has announced that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far by dengue fever that spreads through ‘aedes’ mosquitoes .
in tamil nadu and pudhuchery, more than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever so far .
dengue fever is spreading rapidly in tamil nadu and pudhuchery .
indian media have said that a 12 year old girl and a student in krishnagiri, died the day before yesterday .
in chennai govt hospitals, 135 people were admitted and are being treated .
it has been raining in various places in tamil nadu during the past few days .
so special teams have been formed by the municipal administration and health department throughout tamil nadu and dengue fever activities are monitored .
the country’s health department has also advised the dengue fever victims to get treatment in government hospitals .
the deadline to link aadhar with the pan number is extended until december 31 .
the deadline to link aadhar number with permanent income tax account number pan number has been extended till december 31 .
this is the seventh time that the central board of direct taxes cbdt has extended the deadline for linking panaadhar .
already, this deadline has been extended for 6 months from march 31 to september 30 .
now this duration has been extended for a further 3 months .
the unique identification authority of india uidai is providing each indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the aadhar number .
the income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a permanent income tax account number pan number for tax paying individuals and companies .
the central board for direct taxes has made an announcement on 01 july 2017 to link the aadhar number with the income tax number .
the deadline to link aadharpan has been extended many times .
meanwhile, the supreme court which is investigating the case filed against providing the aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last september, declaring the aadhar scheme to be legal .
also, the supreme court made a ruling that the aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax .
it was announced in the central budget on the 5th of last july, that using the aadhar number instead of the pan number when filing income tax would be sufficient .
dmk leader mk stalin today visited the keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the tamil culture in the banks of river vaigai .
the results of the keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient tamil literature is the life of the real tamils, and is not just fiction .
the urban civilisation in the banks of the river ganges started during 6th century bc .
but the tamils of the banks of the river vaigai in the south were at the peak of urban civilisation during 6th century bc tamils led a wealthy life with very high literacy and knowledge, and this was scientifically proven by evidence from the excavation .
the results of the keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the indian subcontinent .
the public is visiting the keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every tamilian .
recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar katchi seeman visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
following him, today the dmk leader, mkstalin visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
the cpm mp svenkatesan and many leading executives of dmk accompanied him .
in connection with this, stalin has uploaded a video of his visit to his twitter page under the title “while visiting the keezhadi sites that reminded the world about the tamil civilisation” .
trump wants the ukraine president to be investigated! .
the white house has confirmed the information released about donald trump’s telephone request to conduct an investigation of the former vicepresident joe biden, a probable presidential candidate of the democratic party .
an impeachment resolution is being proposed against trump by democrats in the house of representatives, citing such an action to initiate an inquiry against an american leader by pressuring another country is wrong .
regarding this, upon the order of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, 6 committees have been formed and an investigation is being initiated .
trump contacted the ukraine president volodymyr zelensky via phone on july 25 during that conversation trump asked him to conduct an investigation .
yesterday, the white house officially released a report regarding the conversation between the presidents of the two countries .
hence it is accepted that such a conversation is true .
meanwhile, during his interaction with the reporters after leaving a united nations meeting, trump said this was a friendly request .
there was no pressure on the ukrainian president .
but one notable issue in this is the sudden stopping of aid worth around 400 million dollars that is being given to ukraine by the american government .
that aid was later allocated .
the cadres of the democratic party see a connection between this and the conversation between trump and the ukrainian president .
hence, this incident is creating a storm in the american politics .
hunter, the son of joe biden was appointed as a paid board member of burisma holdings of ukraine in april, 2014 .
it is notable that this company is involved in natural gas exploration activities in crimea, a ukrainian peninsula annexed by russia .
an official enquiring a scam against burisma holdings was dismissed .
the republic party alleges that joe biden is behind this .
despite this, hunter biden continues to deny this charge of using his family connection to further his own professional benefit .
a government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, has created a stir .
minister sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in tn palayam near gobi, erode district .
when the journalists were taking photos of him, the assistant executive engineer of tamil nadu water and drainage board, muthulingam, was interrupting them .
the reporters said “sir, please move to that side” .
he said “whom do you want to move, are you such a great man” and tried to attack the journalists .
minister sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave .
subsequently, higher officials chased muthulingam from the function .
however, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him .
when he learned about this, minister sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of tamil nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol .
also it is said that he has requested them to suspend muthulingam .
historical evidence to establish the fame of keezhadi was found out in the 5th phase of excavation, said minister pandiyarajan .
during his speech, after visiting in the presence of jayakanthan, the minister of khadi and village industries gbaskaran, the minister of tamil official language and tamil culture told the press .
the 5th phase of archaeological excavation is proving to be a turning point in the historical analysis of ancient tamil nadu .
the prosperity of keezhadi dates from 6 bc to 1 ad .
the evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river vaigai .
the scientific estimation in the keezhadi excavation has dated the tamilbrami back a further 100 years this study has revealed that the tamil society was a literate community in 6 bc .
also the samples of 70 pieces of bone that were excavated in this study were sent for scientific analysis to deccan college, the masters and research institution .
these pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock .
this study shows that animals such as cow, buffalo, and goat were used in agriculture, and the scars found in the bone samples of antelope, goat and wild boar shows that these animals were used for eating .
the results of this analysis show that the ancient community which was primarily engaged in agriculture, also engaged in livestock farming .
the samples of roofing made of brick and limestone, and the coating of sheath wells, were being sent for analysis to velur technical university .
during the study, minerals such as silica sand, limestone, iron, aluminium and magnesium were found in each of these .
work is in progress to construct a museum in the prime location to preserve such rare findings and to make keezhadi to be useful for tamil scholars, students and the public .
furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation will be extended for two more weeks, and the works will be continued .
similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the minister for tamil official language and tamil culture .
the manamadurai mla snagarajan, former member of parliament senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology jeevanandam, guardian asaithambi, thiruppuvanam tahsildar raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event .
a glittering function was conducted on behalf of the andhra club by ashiana subham senior housing company with fashion show for the elderly, dance, song and celebration for the international day for the older persons .
a 92 year old granny gave a dance performance of the snake song and stunned everyone .
actress ambika, singer lreswari and poornima kumar gave prizes to ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple .
the events were organised by poornima kumar of virgo events .
businessman nalli kuppusamy chetti, actress ambika, singer lr eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition .
15 grannies participated in the fashion show .
haripriya won the first prize .
sureka, radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively .
smart grandpas wore fashion dresses and marched .
manick won the first place and kannan won the 2nd place .
suzanne, kala and vanaja won the best dancing granny prize .
in the mr and mrs chennai competition, ramanan couple won first place and seenivasan balambal couples won second place .
the families of the elderly participated and encouraged them .
92 year old lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise .
like women’s day and valentines day, older persons day should be celebrated in a grand manner said poornima kumar of virgo events .
labour commissioner muthumanickam participates in the international labour organisation meeting .
the international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations .
throughout all the countries in the world the labour laws are framed only upon the basis of the traditions and recommendations of international labour organisation of the united nations .
a review of such traditions and recommendations will be held till the 27th in the campus of international labour organisation in geneva, switzerland .
this meeting will consult and discuss all the traditions and recommendations, and forward them to be referred by the administrative council .
the chief deputy labour commissioner of the ministry of central labour and employment muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the indian government .
international labour unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in this tripartite meeting .
a news release by the deputy chief labour commissioner said this is the first time that a deputy chief labour commissioner is being sent as the representative of india for such a job .
meanwhile, sachandrasekar, the father of actor and director vijay, came to tuticorin today via a flight from chennai, in order to participate in a program at nagarcoil in kanyakumari district .
he was asked about the vijay’s speech and the opposition of aiadmk .
in his reply he stated, “subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road .
everyone is talking about this incident .
vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about .
even the court had asked why the persons involved in subasri’s incident have still not been arrested .
in this scenario, it is not unknown why ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone,” he said when asked, “is vijay’s speech a sign of political entry?” .
he said “it doesn’t seem so for me .
and started saying, “let me go, it's urgent” .
the deputy chief minister opaneer selvam today inspected the flats of the tamilnadu slum clearance board located in valliswaran koil thottam, raja annamalaipuram, chennai and listened to the grievances of the public .
the 488 flats which were built during 197980 are in a severely damaged condition .
the deputy chief minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed .
the deputy chief minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sqft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sqft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of rs6789 under housing for all scheme .
he also informed that, with the quotations for this scheme finalized, the works for demolishing the existing flats and construction of new flats will be executed soon .
the deputy chief minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then .
opaneer selvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been constructed for homeless poor people and houses will be constructed for all before 2023 .
ravi mla and officials were present .
the carnatic music competition for young artists is held by the indira sivasailam foundation .
as a prelude to the indira sivasailam foundation annual music festival at the chennai music academy, the indira sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “anwesha quest for the best” .
the “anwesha bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “the music academy advanced school of carnatic music” and the awardees of the indira sivasailam foundation .
the participants of the anwesha bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in carnatic music via video format to the facebook page of the indira sivasailam foundation .
this year around 100 participants from tamil nadu, andhra, telengana, karnataka and kerala including a few participants from usa and middle eastern countries uploaded their material to participate .
the team of judges included professor ritha rajan, drrsjayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of the music academy advanced school of carnatic music, and the recipient of this year’s indira sivasailam foundation medal, drbandhula .
apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 1015 flute and violin, competitions for artists of ages 1620 have also been introduced this year .
the participants of all 3 categories in this event showcased their talents .
the details of the winners of the anwesha 2019 competition are as follows .
swathika, dhuruv spathangi and in the musical instrument category kamatchi ambathiputhi, aprameya seshadri are the winners .
rtshyam raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 1620 years .
the members of anwesha judges team were drbandhula rama, professor ritha rajan, dr rsjayalakshmi and sunita subramanian of the indira sivasailam foundation presented the prizes to the winners .
the visitors and participants who came to witness the event lauded the efforts of the indira sivasailam foundation that protects the art form of carnatic music .
an indian girl who fought against child marriage awarded with bill gates foundation award .
a 17 year old girl from rajasthan awarded with “change maker” award by bill gates foundation, for fighting against child marriage and child labor .
payal jankit 17 hails from hinsla village, 100 kms from jaipur in rajasthan district .
she seriously campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labor that was prevalent in her village .
she made this campaign in a few villages near her village also .
so many child marriages were stopped in that area .
to honor this act bill and melinda gates foundation has announced her award .
in this scenario, the award ceremony was conducted on tuesday night at new york, america .
payal jankit received the award from deputy general secretary amina jmohammed .
in her speech after receiving the award payal said, “there were many problems in our village .
particularly, girl child will not be sent out for studies .
they will be married at a very young age .
my family decided to marry me also at a very young age .
at that time, i approached a social activist and pacified my father .
subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school .
we went door by door and created awareness about this among all .
parents should create an opportunity for each child to enhance their lives” .
a period of public amnesty has been announced again in jordan .
the embassy of jordan has announced that this period of public amnesty which started on september 22, will be in force until november 29, the bureau of foreign employment has said .
during this amnesty period, foreign employees who went to jordan on a business visa and have stayed beyond the stipulated time, can return to the country without paying any fine .
however, foreigners who travelled on tourist visas and are staying beyond the stipulated period illegally, can leave after paying a fine, the embassy of jordan has said .
such a public amnesty period had been announced last february in jordan for foreigners who were illegally staying there, requiring them to leave the country .
is bjp indulging in caste politics to gain a foothold in tamil nadu? .
being unable to make its lotus blossom in tamil nadu after so many unsuccessful attempts, it is said that bjp is finally indulging in caste politics .
during the first tenure of modi as prime minister, lotus was in a position to be searched in tamil nadu .
twice during the justconcluded mp election, amit shah said sternly “i won’t care about what you may do lotus must blossom in tamil nadu” .
but it lost in all 5 constituencies it had contested .
although the whole nation supported bjp, there is still an antibjp wave in tamil nadu .
triple talaq, the kashmir problem, enforcing hindi, and one nation one language problems were above all these .
all these problems have added to the woes of the party .
hence it is said that bjp high command is very angry with the tamil nadu bjp executives, and there is a problem with even the state president not being nominated .
however, bjp is planning to gain a stronghold in tamil nadu at any cost, before the upcoming elections .
from direct field reports, it seems that the bjp high command has almost reached a decision .
accordingly there is a thought among the people of nadar, vanniyar and devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both admk and dmk .
so they are upset with the dravidian parties, it is said .
bjp has cleverly started playing this card .
it is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post .
the appointment of tamilisai soundararajan as the telengana governor is such a move .
similarly, it is said that the bjp government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in isro .
it is true that this action of bjp to honour each community will make the people of that community feel proud and happy .
also, this caste politics will reward bjp with what it cannot achieve by other means .
at the same time, with tamil nadu already being spoiled by caste politics, it is not known if these activities of bjp will further fan the flames .
incase the caste feelings are fanned further, bjp will lose even the smallest gains it has made so far! .
drunkard kills a laborer near villupuram .
a laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in valavanur, villupuram .
tension prevailed as the subinspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked .
thanigairaj 28 is the son of pichaikaran of kengarampalayam colony at valavanur near villupuram .
he was a laborer .
ayyanar 33 is the son of kasinathan from the same area .
these two often engaged in disputes and confrontations in that area in an inebriated state .
there were cases on these two in valavanur police station also .
in this scenario, the tender coconut seller ayyanar, used to threaten people regularly with a sickle used to cut tender coconuts, during night times in an inebriated state .
in this aspect, after consuming alcohol on saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle .
during that time due to pre existing animosity ayyanar went to the house of thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him .
in the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts .
thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot .
subsequently, he was roaming in the road, chasing people with the sickle .
on knowing the information valavanur subinspector manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him .
subinspector manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time .
immediately he was admitted in a private hospital and received treatment .
subsequently, police chased down ayyanar and took him to the police station .
on knowing about the incident, villupuram dsp jsankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot .
police security was provided as the killing in kengarampalayam created fear in the pondicherry border area .
upon complaint about this incident, valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested ayyanar and are investigating .
road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by new prince sri bhavani arts and science college at medavakkam near chennai and chennai corporation traffic police department madipakkam traffic police circle .
the director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college, mprabakaran welcomed all .
the function was held in the presence of senior principal vkarunanidhi, principal vuma devi, and vice principal amadhiyapaes pacheli .
the vicepresident of the prince educational group lnaveen prasad presided over the function and opened the road safety awareness camp .
the madipakkam traffic police inspector sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students .
in his speech he told that the importance of the rules of road should start with the students, because the parents and this society are dependent on them .
the youth are the most affected in road accidents, and to avoid accidents, awareness programs like this must be conducted .
traffic rules need to be followed by everyone, not for the sake of avoiding fines, but to safeguard your precious lives .
students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle .
students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly .
drivers should provide enough cooperation to the traffic police .
if every college regularly monitors students following traffic rules, the invaluable lives of students can be saved .
the future of the country is in the hands of the youth, and it is the essential duty of traffic police and the public to safeguard the youth .
subinspector ravikumar, head constables kandeepan, seenivasan, thiyagarajan also took part in this camp .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile who was the pioneer of the national medicine policy .
he was killed under mysterious circumstances in the guyana islands .
he was the first professor in the country in the department of medicine .
professor vibile worked as the first dean of the faculty of medicine at peradanai university .
he revealed the actions taken by the multinational medicine companies for the sale of medicines and was subjected to various pressures from these vendors .
the loss faced by the government due to the import of drugs under various names amounts to crores of rupees .
he made the government aware of the need for a national drug policy .
he worked towards giving 335 types of essential medicines to patients at a reasonable price and of the highest quality .
due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies .
the mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved .
the prime minister narendra modi didn’t say a single word regarding the kashmir issue during his speech at the united nations assembly today .
the 74th session of the united nations assembly is currently in progress .
prime minister narendra modi spoke on behalf of india today .
during his speech he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism .
during his speech he quoted lines of the tamil poet kaniyan poonkundranar “the world is one, all are relations” .
modi proudly said that the contribution of india in global warming is moving towards a solution, and said that india is contributing less to global warming and giving more solutions .
the government of india is taking serious initiatives to make india free of plastics .
he also said that a large scale health insurance plan is being implemented in india .
modi quoted the nice lines ‘world is one, all are relation’ in tamil .
but he did not refer to jammu kashmir at any point during his speech .
the reason for this is the strong determination of the central government that jammu kashmir is an internal problem of india .
with pakistan wishing to make it an international issue, modi has intentionally avoided any words about jammu kashmir, say political observers .
this has sent a message to the countries of the world that kashmir is an internal issue of india .
in a literacy test conducted in kerala, 2,993 tribal people have passed .
an 85 year old elderly woman has also passed in this exam .
as per the 2011 census, 9391 of the people in kerala are literate .
kerala government is taking efforts to make it 100 .
the state literacy commission was formed for this purpose .
this commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy .
importantly, this commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrant workers .
classes for providing literacy to the tribal dominated area in vayanad district were conducted from last february and exams were conducted recently .
this exam was conducted for 100 marks 30 marks were allotted for competency in reading, 40 marks for writing competency, and 30 marks for knowledge in mathematics .
it is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam .
3,090 tribal people from vayanad district took part in the exam .
the literacy commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed .
this includes an 85 year old woman .
the director of school education, skannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and governmentaided schools on october 3 .
he sent out a circular regarding this, to the chief educational officers and district educational officers of all districts on wednesday .
free notebooks for government and governmentaided schools are given to all districts through tnpl .
similarly, free books for the second term were sent through the tamil nadu textbook society .
chief educational officers of all districts have to distribute books and notebooks for all government and governmentaided schools in their districts before september 30 .
in his circular, he also asked them to instruct all headmasters to distribute the free books and notebooks on the first day of term, after quarterly exams .
today is the international day for access to information .
on account of this, the ministry of public media department has announced information month .
this will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month .
during this period many programs to encourage actions regarding the right to access information will be implemented .
the law to access information will be passed in the sri lankan parliament in 2016 .
this activity will further strengthen democracy .
this law is currently ranked as the fourth of its kind in the world .
usage of plastic products banned at bjp headquarters in delhi .
the usage of single use plastic products like water bottles is banned there .
india is getting ready for the busy elections .
elections will be held in maharashtra and haryana on 21 next month .
election results are to be announced on 24 of the same month .
now all the parties are getting ready for that seriously .
in this scenario, bjp held its election working committee in delhi .
prime minister modi, bjp national president amit shah, bjp national executive president jp natta took part in the discussion .
previously prime minister modi held discussions with the election working committee of bjp during last march .
later, during his independence address he urged to avoid plastics .
he had requested to avoid single use plastic products .
in this scenario, usage of sngle use plastics in totally banned in bjp headquarters .
importantly, water bottles were totally given up .
water bottles were not to be used in today’s bjp meeting also .
as an alternate for this, water will be served in glass jar for those coming there .
it is said that this is based on the request of prime minister modi .
it should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action .
gulalai ismail hails from pakistan .
she is a social activist and since her childhood, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honour killings and oppression .
she posted with evidence, the photos of pakistan military indulging in sexual harassment against women and girls belonging to the aboriginal pashtun group in some areas including khyber pakhtunkhwa, baluchistan province, in social media .
“treason charges” are filed on gulalai and the country’s police is seriously trying to arrest her .
but with the help of her friends and relatives, gulalai ismail has escaped from pakistan and has taken refuge in the united states .
meanwhile, the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan made a speech the day before yesterday at the un council in new york, america .
“there are no militant groups in pakistan so we should all unite against terrorism,” he said .
police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging .
ramakrishnan was a resident of odappalli area near pallipalayam, namakkal district .
his son is devendran age 27 .
he was employed as the tower manager in a famous private cell phone company .
devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house .
suddenly there was an electrical leakage and devendran was electrocuted .
he was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically .
on learning of this incident, the pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry .
later, the body of devendran was sent to pallipalayam government hospital for postmortem .
a complaint was made at pallipalayam police station regarding the incident .
upon receiving this the police filed a case and are now investigating .
this incident has caused a stir in the local area .
the supreme court has strongly warned that it cannot grant even a oneday time period after october 18 to present the arguments .
the supreme court is hearing the appeals that are made against the verdict of allahabad high court in the ayodhya case .
the supreme court has been hearing the case on a daily basis since the 6th of last month .
the court has advised to complete the arguments before october 18 .
a bench headed by the chief justice ranjan gogoi is hearing this case .
the hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last monday .
during yesterday’s arguments the islamic organisations objected to the 2003 statement of the archaeological department .
commenting on this, the judges said, “if there are any objections to the statement of the archaeology department, you might have raised them in the allahabad high court .
there you will be granted relief as per the law .
we won’t allow that to be raised here” .
in this scenario, the ayodhya case came for hearing again today .
during the hearing the islamic organisations begged pardon if they had wasted court time by objecting to the statement of the archaeology department .
the lawyer of the islamic side has not lost his right to question the statement of the archaeology department .
bu the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court, said the judges .
the judges pointed out that the arguments need to be completed by october 18 and accordingly, the hindu and islamic sides need to specify the time period to complete their arguments .
the judges also informed that they cannot grant even one day to present their arguments after october 18, and it will be fine if the judgment is given within four weeks of this case .
they also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present their counter arguments of the hindu organisations, as there are more holidays during october .
“just increase the dosage of the tablets for dengue nothing will happen otherwise”, uttarakhand bjp chief minister trivendra singh has said .
around 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in uttarakhand .
the officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in dehradun and 1,100 people in haldwani are suffering from dengue .
among them, 4 people died in dehradun and 2 people died in haldwani .
a report by the state health department itself declared the death of 8 people up to september 17 .
replying to questions from journalists that infection spread by mosquitoes is on the rise despite these efforts, trivendra singh said, “patients affected by dengue should take a 650mg paracetamol dose instead of a 500mg dose, and rest for some time, then they will be cured” .
the death of a priest in thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area .
govindaraj age 45 was residing in iraiyamangalam near thiruvallur .
he was a priest and is unmarried .
he also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga .
being from nanganallur, chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone .
he was growing herbal plants all around the house .
in this scenario, a young woman lavanya, from besant nagar, chennai, visited last saturday and stayed with govindaraj .
govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house .
suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise .
in this incident the body of govindaraj caught fire .
he ran out of the house shouting .
lavanya who came out upon hearing the noise, was shocked to see the scorched body of govindaraj .
govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot .
on hearing this information, mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to thiruvallur government hospital for postmortem .
lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded .
it is not known if the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room was a bomb .
what was the object that exploded in the pooja room? .
it is not known if it is a bomb .
forensic expert nalina and officers led by deputy superintendent of police harini collected the evidence at the scene, which was then sent for analysis .
the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room will only be known after the results are received .
there were also blood stains in the pooja room .
police suspect that there would have been no chance of bleeding during the fire .
based on the post mortem report of govindaraj, the police have planned to conduct a further inquiry .
in relation to this incident, the lady who was staying with him is also being investigated .
the death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area .
cbcid police are investigating the neet impersonation case .
in this scenario, an investigation was conducted with both the arrested udit surya and his father venkatesan, the day before yesterday at theni cbcid office .
the southern region superintendent mr vijayakumar and deputy superintendent mr hardwin jagadeeshkumar, cbcid inspector ms chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement .
later after completing the medical checkup, they were presented before the magistrate of theni sessions court, mr paneer selvam .
did filming of the actor sasikumar cause suffering to patients of a government hospital? .
the resulting noise from the film shoot made all the inpatients of the hospital suffer considerably .
many people including night duty doctors, nurses and staff watched the film shooting .
upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by pon ram starring actor sasikumar .
reports say that proper permission was not obtained from the hospital administration for the shooting of the film .
immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew .
on hearing about the incident, the kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning .
however, the film crew had already fled the scene prior to this, said people at the scene .
we contacted the film crew for an explanation regarding the incident .
but we were unable to reach them .
the nataraja statue rescued from australia, was kept in the premises of kallidaikurichi kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday .
the kallidaikurichi aramvalartha nayaki with kulasekaramudayar temple is in tirunelveli district .
the panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall nataraja statue, sivakami ambal, manickavasagar, sripalinathar in the nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982 .
it came to be known that these statues were in an australian museum .
upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing pon manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to tamil nadu .
subsequent to the order of the kumbakonam court, it was brought to kallidaikurichi yesterday .
the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, was given a warm welcome by the public with musical instruments .
later the statue was kept in the shrine of the kulasekaramudayar temple .
special officer pon manickavel said the other three statues including sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon .
those who are involved with this incident will be arrested soon .
the cbcid police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the neet exam impersonation case .
udit surya and father drvenkatesan working in stanley medical college, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the neet exam .
with them being continuously questioned, drvenkatesan was suspended yesterday .
meanwhile, the cbcid police were intensely investigating the impersonation case .
with 3 medical students of kanchipuram district caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today .
the cbcid police have today arrested abirami, praveen, rahul of krishnagiri and villupuram medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them .
6 mediators were also arrested in this case .
it is said that cbcid is now acting, based on the statement given by the father of udit surya when he was questioned .
the cbcid has said that shocking information has been continuously released in the neet exam impersonation case .
the evolving method of new graduates from universities protesting in streets due to lack of employment is thanks to an education system that has deviated from the fields of science, technology and research, president maithripala sirisena has said .
so, it is also very important to make necessary basic changes in the national educational policies and introduce and implement the newer education systems of developed nations, stated the president .
the president said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘shilpa sena’ exhibition that began in the polannurava gallele national stadium yesterday .
under the guidance of the ministry of the science, technology and research department, the second phase of the shilpa sena exhibition will be featured in the polannaruva gallele national stadium until the 25th, with intellectual and new innovation, along with various entertainment events .
during his address after participating in this inauguration event, the president also said that the progress in the world is through new inventions that are created from research in science and technology .
more cooperation is needed from science, technology and research departments to confront the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climatic changes the president also explained the need of experts in these fields .
the president, who noted that selfcentred thinking and acting of a majority of people in the fields of politics, science, technology and research without thinking about the nation is an important challenge in the journey towards development he also pointed out that it is a big problem that the country is losing much needed scholars to serve as engineers, doctors and auditors because of scholars who think only about themselves and leave their nation after receiving free education .
the shilpa sena exhibition which is being held under the theme of ‘wealthy nation by strong hands’ is primarily divided into five sections regarding business initiative, business market, new strategies, blue green zone and entertainment .
in the technology department under the important themes of stem education, space technology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, mechatronics, new power strength, blue green technology, 5g, and iot it has been arranged to promote modern scientific, technological and research knowledge .
in the new products section of the shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial .
the president also interacted with the team after inaugurating and visiting the exhibition .
many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research chinthka lokuhetti participated in this event .
dusshera festival in mutharamman temple, kulashekaranpattinam began with flag hoisting .
the annual dusshera festival held in kulashekaranpattinam mutharamman temple near thiruchendur is famous throughout the world .
in india more people gather for dusshera only in kulasai, next to samundeeswari temple in mysore .
worshipping the god dressed in various attires after fasting and giving their vows is the uniqueness of mutharamman temple festival .
among them, persons dressing as godess kali fasting severly for 48 days is more special .
the dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag .
dusshera festival will be held for 10 days .
the important event of dusshera festival, the killing of the giant mahisha will be held on 8th october .
on the night of that day, lord ambiga who will rise up in kulashekarapattinam seashore will kill the giant mahisha .
it is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will come to worship the lord amman, on account of the festival .
the devotees have the privilege of worshipping the godess and god together as mutharamman sits in the sanctum with gnanamoortheeswarar .
the devotees strongly believe that godess mutharamman will solve problems related to psychiatry, marriage and child birth .
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit indonesia on thursday .
regarding this the country's national disaster rescue system and rescue force said .
there was a powerful earthquake near ambon city in malukku islands on thursday at 845 am local time .
it was recorded as 65 units in richter scale .
many buildings collapsed in this earthquake there were also landslides at many places .
20 persons lost their lives in these incidents .
they lost their lives getting caught in building ruins and getting buried in landslides .
among them a woman lost her life when she fell from her two wheeler while driving it towards a higher altitude fearing a tsunami attack .
apart from this 100 people were injured due to earthquake 2,000 persons were shifted to safe areas, said the officials .
there is information that ambon city where about 4 lakh people live and surrounding areas were affected by this earth quake .
as tremors jolted the city hospital, patients and others left the hospital urgently .
subsequently, temporary camps were setup and patients are lodged in them, says information .
it should be remembered that about 4,300 people died in an earthquake of magnitude 75 in the richter scale that hit indonesia last year .
robbery attempted in kanchipuram atm .
a mysterious gang of 3 persons on a motor cycle escaped on seeing the police .
there is a state bank of india at velinga pattarai area of kanchipuram .
today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the atm and saw the camera at the door of the atm .
then the applied the spray brought by them on the camera .
kanchipuram taluk police inspector baskar, subinspector chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way .
on hearing the horn of the police the 3 persons escaped on the motor cycle in which they have come .
but the inspector baskar chased them for some time .
but they entered a narrow lane and escaped .
the kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the atm .
as the police came there on patrol, lakhs of rupees in the atm was safe .
tamils should appreciate prime minister modi for his speech praising the riches of the tamil language, un council minister sellur raju has said .
the minister for the department of cooperation usually relaxes the gathering in the meetings of aiadmk party through his witty speech .
also, during his press conferences his opinions made the headlines .
during his speech in un council, the prime minister modi had quoted “the world is one, all are relations” a line from ancient tamil literature, purananooru .
he has mentioned that the tamilians should thank and appreciate prime minister modi and it is our duty .
also, prime minister modi had “glorified tamil among world leaders”, he said .
he said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at arappalayam bus stand, madurai .
this interview with minister sellur raju has made even the cadres of bjp feel shy .
he also said that the rule of law prevails in tamil nadu, and the arrest of former admk councillor jayagobal is the best example for that .
the admk government will not support wrong deeds by anyone, and will take action without prejudice, he promised .
tahil ramani served as the chief justice of chennai high court .
after one year since her appointment as the chief justice, the collegium recommended the central government appoint another chief justice for chennai .
accordingly, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as the chief justice of meghalaya high court .
justice tahil ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium .
but her demand was rejected .
subsequently, she submitted her resignation .
at this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani .
meanwhile, the central government announced that it had accepted the resignation of tahil ramani .
the case was also dismissed .
meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for tahil ramani on behalf of the associations of chennai high court lawyers .
a protest was staged by the secular progressive alliance, condemning the violence of hindu munnani and urging speedy action by the police .
on the 5th of last month, more than 60 hindu munnani activists gained unauthorised entry into the premises of a knitwear company in angeripalayam road in tirupur .
the employees there were subjected to an attack and their belongings were also damaged .
the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with this incident .
the business community, various political parties, activists and citizens have heavily condemned this incident a protest condemning this incident was announced on 9th of last month by the secular progressive alliance of tirupur .
with the permission denied, a complaint was given to the district collector and tirupur district police commissioner .
in a discussion that followed, a protest was announced by the secular progressive alliance again on september 17 .
since the police department denied permission for this also, a protest “condemning the violent approach of hindu munnani and urging speedy action from the police” was conducted defying the ban .
kselvaraj, dmk secretary of tirupur north district headed the agitation .
executives from all parties including cpim state committee member kkamaraj, smuthukannan, cpi m secretary, tirupur district, mravi, cpi secretary, tirupur district, ramasamy of congress party, and sampath from the mdmk, all took part in the agitation .
the police interrupted the protest citing lack of permission .
during this time, the secular progressive alliance parties said hindu munnani activists attacked a knitwear company in tirupur on the 5th of last month and indulged in violence .
condemning this event, we have asked for proper permission to conduct a protest democratically, but the police department denied it regarding this, we made a complaint to the collector, and police commissioner the police denied us permission, considering the importance of the demands we are conducting, to protest democratically in a nonviolent way defying the ban .
also the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with the attack on the knitwear company .
they urged the police to take speedy action to arrest hindu munnani agitators in connection with this incident .
since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban .
in the agitation, voices were raised against the attack on the knitwear company by hindu munnai and against various forms of communal violence unleashed by hindu munnani .
that the protest was conducted democratically, and with control by the secular progressive alliance, creating awareness against violence among the people of tirupur, is not an overstatement! .
rs100 crore was collected from ticketless train travellers .
railway police will file a case and impose fines on those travelling without tickets on trains .
the number of ticketless travellers has increased compared to last year .
a news release of the central railway has revealed that that from april to september 2018, a total of 1742 lakh cases had been filed, and rs8798 in fines was collected this year from april to september, 1915 lakh cases were filed and rs10029 were collected in fines .
the district collectors of namakkal and thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the central government for best performance in medical service, to the chief minister edappadi palanisamy and were greeted by him .
the district collector of namakkal district masia mariam showed the award presented by the central government for best implementation of the scheme “save girl child, educate girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio the district collector of thiruvallur district maheswari ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 692019 in a function held in new delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people she was greeted by the chief minister edappadi palanisamy at the secretariat .
the minister of social welfare and nutritious meal department drvsaroja, chief secretary kshanmugam, the secretary for social welfare and nutritious meal department smadhumadhi, social welfare commissioner tabraham were present during this event .
“if i do it, people also will come forward to do this!” says ram singh regarding this initiative, “people were fed up with the hardships of purchasing large amounts of vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution .
with so many people complaining about this, it does not seem that they thought of an alternative way, or realised that the solution lies with them .
the proper solution to this is, only if i do what i believe, people will be ready to follow .
so my wife and i walk 10 kms once a week to purchase vegetables .
since this has continued for six months, we are now used to it .
now i am mentally very satisfied” he says .
“many said that it would be tough to walk, carrying large amounts of vegetables i recommended them to carry a bamboo basket with them to fight against the plastic threat .
but they laughed at this .
so my wife and i went to the market carrying a bamboo basket .
only then did i realise that it would be helpful in many ways .
many youths are not physically healthy nowadays .
i think they should start walking and control their diet .
i deeply believe that only traditional methods can provide the best solutions for new challenges that are brought up by the modern world .
if a person follows traditional methods, he could be “fully fit” says an excited ram singh ias .
dr gsengottuvelu, specialist in heart surgery has informed that cardiovascular diseases including heart attack are the leading factors for death throughout the world .
world heart day is celebrated on september 29 of every year .
to mark this, an awareness program named “lets unite with heart – save our heart” was conducted by drgs heart foundation at thiyagaraya nagar in chennai on 2792019 .
chief consultant of apollo hospital and interventional cardiac treatment specialist drsengottuvelu presided over this event .
led by the special guest film actor sivakumar everyone including doctors took the oath heart saviours – the heroes of heart .
following this sivakumar delivered a speech about leading a healthy life .
the head of the hospital dr amuruganathan received it .
during his speech in this event expert dr gsengottuvelu said .
cardiac diseases including heart attack is the number one factor for the loss of lives worldwide .
in india heart diseases are on the rise .
youths are also affected by cardiac arrest .
if we are aware and maintain a safe physique, 80 percent of heart diseases can be prevented .
if our mother, father, grand father and grand mother have heart diseases then there are chances for us also to have heart diseases .
if we maintain a proper life style, we can prevent heart diseases to an extent .
with the modern medicines we have now, we can predict those prone to heart attack in advance .
if detected at an early stage, heart attack can be prevented .
in case of a heart attack, it can be healed soon .
thus he spoke .
the disqualification period of the sikkim chief minister premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years .
so the stalemate has been removed for damang to contest in the byelection .
sikkim assembly elections were held along with loksabha elections .
sikkim granthikari morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election .
the leader of that party premsingh damang took charge as the chief minister of the state .
but damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case .
since this was confirmed by the supreme court also, he was imprisoned .
since a person sentenced to prison in a corruption case cannot contest in elections for 6 years, there was a controversy even while he assumed office .
in this scenario damang is contesting in the sikkim byelection .
damang is ruling in sikkim with the support of bjp .
meanwhile, damang has sent a letter to the election commission requesting to remove the 6 year ban imposed on him to contest in elections, quoting various sections of law .
the election commission has announced that it has reduced the ban period to one year and a month, after considering his letter .
thus there is no ban for damang to contest in the assembly byelection .
using the concession given to damang the bjp may start its political game in other states including tamilnadu .
statements may also be released from election commission fulfilling the wishes of the bjp in entirety .
government doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya has been suspended in the neet exam impersonation case .
also, a person called joseph who acted as the mediator in the impersonation case, was arrested in kerala .
udit surya, a student who was admitted to theni medical college was found to have impersonated in the neet exam .
subsequently, police filed a case against udit surya and his family .
but udit surya and his family escaped and absconded .
also udit surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court .
in this scenario, police arrested udit surya who was staying with family in tirupathi .
the family of udit surya was arrested together and was brought to theni and enquired for several hours .
during this enquiry, venkatesan the father udit surya agreed impersonating to make his son a doctor .
following the statement given by venkatesan the police all were produced in court and subsequently jailed .
the father of udit surya worked as government doctor in stanley hospital, chennai .
since he is arrested and jailed now, the government of tamil nadu has suspended him .
and based on the statement of acknowledgement given by venkatesan, a mediator joseph has been arrested in kerala .
he is to be brought to tamil nadu for enquiry .
doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya and doctor in the stanley government hospital, chennai has been suspended in neet exam impersonation case .
meanwhile, the cbcid police today conducted an enquiry in the neet exam coaching centre run by the mediator joseph in thiruvananthapuram .
it is said that joseph has been involved in impersonation scams in a large scale in the name of neet exam coaching centre .
hence doctor venkatesan the father of udit surya approached joseph easily .
also the cbcid police have been inspecting the documents in the coaching centre of joseph .
byelections for the vacant nanguneri and vikravandi constituencies in tamil nadu are to be held on 21st of next month october .
dmk contests in vikravandi constituency nanguneri is given to their ally in congress .
the general secretary of indian national congress and the tamil nadu in charge mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in nanguneri, last night .
ruby manoharan age 60 the president of kanchipuram north district is being announced as the candidate .
ruby manoharan is a native of marayapuram near marthandam in kanyakumari district .
he served in indian air force for 15 years, and is now running a construction company in chennai .
as a special event for the 141st birthday of periyar, letter reformation book was donated to 535 malaysian government tamil schools .
a book titled letter reformation of periyar was introduced in bukhitporundung and menthagob farm government tamil schools .
and this book will be sent to 535 tamil schools functioning in tamilnadu in phases .
in the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools functioning in bakang district and silangur district .
more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools .
and more than 7 thousand teachers are working .
this book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by periyar for tamil language .
during the releasing ceremony of the book mgovindhasamy delivered a speech explaining the editorial of drkveeramani .
during this event chinnaiya was felicitated with periyar volunteer award .
kk raman, a poet and a former tamil school principal and periyar kkraman read a poem about periyar .
it is noteworthy that poet shanmugam from thaiping was awarded with rational poet award also .
there were revolutionary movements before and after bagat singh .
but it is not just an appreciation that bagat singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and through that to indian politics .
today we can sense a feeling among people that revolutionists are blindfolded and don’t care for the lives of the people .
the period of bagat singh shows us their humanity and clear thoughts and capacity .
the name of bagat singh became popular in india after the incident of bombing assembly in april 1929 .
but in tamilnadu he became popular among the public after some time in 1930 .
but within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of tamilnadu .
this is something amazing in history, none of the north indian born leaders including gandhi gained fame in a very short time in tamilnadu .
periyar is the reason behind this .
an editorial titled bagat singh was published in kudiyarasu weekly just after a week of killing of bagat singh .
the editorial appreciated many characters of bagat sngh and also put forth few ideas about the political situation during that period .
excerpts of that editorial .
“if bagat singh was determined that his objectives and the path chosen by him to achieve them is correct, we are sure that he was supposed to act accordingly and if he had not acted so, then we can not call him as a great personality .
so we can now call him as a real man .
it is our strong opinion that india is really in need of the policies of bagat singh .
bagat singh would not have gained such fame if he was not executed .
also we would further say that if bagat singh had not been executed that would have aided the principles of gandhi further .
bagat singh, who would have burnt to ashes after dying due to a disease uselessly got a chance to die usefully showing a path of real equality and peace not only to the people of india but also to the people of the whole world .
we appreciate bagat singh generously that this immortality not easily endowed on everyone .
thus periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the magazine kudiyarasu .
meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher .
the hands of the girl were tied with a plastic tag, and she was taken in a police car to the juvenile assessment centre there her photo was taken with a name board bearing her name, as is normal procedure for criminals .
copies of her finger prints were also recorded .
later, this was reported to the girl’s family and she was handed over to them .
it was not known whether he took another child to the police station .
the grandmother kirkland who consented to disclose the identity of the girl, kaya roll, during her interview to the media, said “my granddaughter, who is suffering from ‘sleep apnea’ sometimes behaves like this due to the effects of her medication .
i was very shocked when i was told that she was arrested for this, it will be very tough for any 6 year old child to explain and understand this .
due to rain and floods in uttar pradesh, 73 persons have died in 4 days the meteorological department has given a red alert in most districts east of uttar pradesh .
in bihar’s capital patna, most of the places have been flooded from rain during the last four days, rail and road transport were disrupted .
due to heavy rain in the state of bihar, many trains were cancelled this morning .
yesterday, the chief minister of the state conducted a meeting via video conference .
all the schools were ordered to be closed until tuesday .
there has been heavy rain in uttarakhand, jammukashmir, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, and many have died in these states due to rain related incidents in the past few days .
uttar pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on friday .
the eastern part of the state is badly affected .
yesterday, pragyaraj received 425mm rain and varanasi received 62mm rain .
this is above the average rainfall for this year .
in various parts of the state 26 people died yesterday .
47 people died during the previous 2 days .
lucknow, amethi, harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain .
the chief minister yogi adityanath has ordered the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety measures .
during the past two days, 6 people died in rajasthan and in madhya pradesh .
three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in udaipur in rajasthan .
on friday, 3 people including a police constable died in rajasthan .
their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the incident spot .
a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released on the 24th .
michael sheyder is the leader of the group that prepared the report .
according to it, the nuclear energy sector, which accounted for 1746 percent of the world’s energy needs in 1996, decreased to 1015 percent in 2018 .
this decline showed that the countries in the world have gone beyond nuclear energy, towards energy that is renewable, and can be used for a long term .
nuclear energy has been pushed back and renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power are gaining a foothold all over the world .
every year many bodies come together and release a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector .
according to the statement released this year, the nuclear energy sector is declining all over the world .
the statement remarks that that the indian nuclear energy sector is also in a bad condition .
bill gates honoured indian prime minister modi by presenting the global goalkeeper for implementing clean india mission .
the indian government led by prime minister modi has announced and implemented the “clean india” scheme .
this scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2102014, the birthday of mahatma gandhi .
the objective of this scheme is to build bathrooms in houses, construct public toilets and creating solid waste management .
more than 10 crore worth of bathrooms have been built under this scheme, throughout the nation .
rural health care is being brought to 98 percent of the villages .
it was announced that modi will be awarded the global goalkeeper award on behalf of the bill and melinda gates foundation as a token of appreciation of this scheme .
in this scenario, the prime minister who was touring the united states was presented the global goalkeeper award today .
the world’s richest man, bill gates honoured modi by presenting the award in a meeting of the un security council .
the receiver of the award, prime minister modi, in his speech told that mahatma gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now come true .
modi also said that he dedicates the award to crores of indians who accomplished clean india mission and also made it as a part of their lives .
modi pointed the words of world health organisation that more than 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the clean india mission .
the present rain and floods has created a disastrous situation resulting in the spread of diseases, the ministry of health has announced .
the ministry of health has advised to avoid stepping into water bodies unnecessarily .
the disastrous situation caused by severe rains in several districts has abated, and people should be careful of this, the ministry of health said .
cases of children and old people getting hospitalised after being affected by the floods have increased .
therefore, the chief medical officer of risk management division hemanth herath, has requested those who are affected to be more careful regarding healthcare .
the ministry of education has released a media statement regarding the vacation leave of teachers and principals .
the statement released by the ministry of education says that suggestions and recommendations are being initiated to solve pay anomalies in the service of teachers and principals .
with the recommendations of the panel to solve pay anomalies of government services ready to be implemented from the first of january next year, to increase the salary of all staff including teachers and principals, the nonavailability of teachers and principals to their service on sick leave, based on the their pay anomalies is very unjust, the ministry of education has said .
it is the right of employees to engage in union activities .
though this is not challenged, being cheated by the opportunistic activities of the union that project the pay hike as a victory for their activities, even after knowing about their pay hike is not suitable for intelligent and dignified professions like teachers and principals .
the education minister sattatharani akilaviraj kariyavasam said in the parliament last july that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government .
the minister also said in parliament on the 7th of june, that the ministry of education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services .
the allowance for principals has been increased from rs650 to rs6,500 .
the promotions that were delayed from the start of 2015 are being initiated properly now .
the procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented .
in order to rescue the presidential service from politics and to solve the deficiencies in the standards of principals in that service, a competitive exam was conducted and around 6,000 people were inducted in the service .
during a short term duration of four and a half years activities including providing opportunity for teachers and principals to be trained in foreign, induction of 25,000 persons in teacher service were implemented .
the media statement released by the ministry of education has today further informed that these are initiated as the objectives for the development of human resources in education department .
there was a complaint regarding a chennai student about passing the neet exam by impersonating and securing admission to theni medical college .
subsequently, this case was transferred to cbcid .
following this, udit surya absconded along with his parents .
in this scenario, a special team caught udit surya, his father venkatesan, and his mother kayalvizhi in the tirupathi foothills .
a goa court has indicted bjp mla atanasio monserrate on the basis of a complaint regarding the rape of a girl .
atanasio was charged with complaint of raping a 16 year old girl .
last year, the police department submitted a 250 page charge sheet against him at the north goa district court .
the trial of this case will start on october 17 .
currently atanasio is a member of panaji assembly constituency .
his age is 55 the incident is alleged to have taken place in 2016, when the age of the girl was 16 .
the girl said that he had raped her by giving her drugs and that her mother had sold her to atanasio for rs50 lakhs .
it should be noted that atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail .
pakistan occupied kashmir was affected the most by the earthquake that struck yesterday evening with its centre in pakistan .
around 25 people died there .
more than 400 people were injured .
pakistan officials informed that an earthquake measuring 58 in the richter scale struck yesterday evening and had its centre in pok, there was a minimum of 25 deaths including women and children and around 400 persons were injured and many of them sustained severe injury .
the american geological survey has informed that the earthquake had its centre at the border separating punjab and pakistan occupied kashmir, 223 kilometer to the north of the river jhelum .
the earthquake was centered around 10 km .
it was felt in most places of punjab and few places of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
however, the “worst damage is in the mirpur district of kashmir occupied,” said the chief meteorologist of pakistan, mohammed riaz .
since the epicenter of the earthquake was near river jhelum, it has created a disaster in the regions lying between jatlan and khari sharif and hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged, said the commissioner of mirpur mohammed dayab .
he said that 12 persons died on the way the main hospital in mirpur and at the same time 13 persons died in various villages between jatlan and khari sharif .
150 persons who are wounded are being treated at dhq hospital .
many were sent to rawalpindi for further treatment .
mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply was cut off in rural areas .
because of this people were unable to either contact their near ones or obtain help .
election king padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the nanguneri byelection .
padmarajan who belongs to veerakkaval pudhur village in mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as vajpayee, manmohan singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi and rajasekara reddy .
in the election for the president he has run against abdul kalam, pranab mukherjee, and ramnath govind .
he has spent rs32 lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination .
don’t consider him a rich person by these deeds, he just belongs to middle class .
in this scenario he contests in the byelection for the nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer natesan, yesterday .
he says that he is running for election in nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the guinness book of records, rather than actually winning .
he says that his name is already in the limca book of records, and once his name is included in the guinness book of records, he will stop competing in elections .
this election king, padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in india .
vikram lander collided heavily against moons floor nasa releases photo evidence .
lroc orbiter of nasa has sent the photos of the spot where vikram lander of chandrayaan2 made a crash landing in the southern pole of moon .
vikram lander of the space ship chandrayaan2 sent by isro landed in the south pole region of the moon on last 7th .
but communication with it was lost in the last minute .
it was considered that the fast crash landing of vikram lander instead of a soft landing on moons surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost .
in this scenario, lroc orbiter of nasa crossed the south pole region on the moon on the 17th of last month .
during that time it filmed the valley between the ridges symphalius n and mansinus c in a sophisticated method and has sent them .
examination of these pictures confirms that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
hence it is seen at a distance from the place of landing .
regarding this deputy project director of nasas lroc said, “lroc orbiter crossed the south pole region of moon on last 17th .
it has sent the photos that were taken during the evening darkness .
upon examining them it was obvious that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
however, the landing site of vikram lander cannot be found accurately .
lroc will cross the south pole region again on the 14th of next month .
since there will be more light during that time, there are more chances to film vikram lander,” he told .
the ideology of modi and american president trump are the same .
modi is campaigning for us president trump without caring about economy .
in the rule of central bjp the concept of federal governance is being questioned, accused sitaram yechuri in a conference held in pudhuchery .
the marxist communist party conducted a seminar titled state rights and antipeople bills in kamban auditorium pudhuchery .
the all india general secretary of marxist communist party sitaram yechuri participated and delivered a special lecture .
in his lecture in the seminar he said the campaign of bjp mentioning one nation, one culture, one election, and one education system has questioned the plurality of india .
if you reject the antidemocratic stand of the government you may be branded antiindian and arrested .
an amendment for law has been made .
he accused that human rights violations are taking place to the extent of calling you as a terrorist for criticizing bjp or posting in social media and being sent to prison and also said that there is an economic crisis in the country .
because the buying power of the people is very low .
but the government has donated 2 lakh crores to rich owners .
everyone should take part in the agitation against this antipeople government that will be held from october 1016 .
continuing his speech he said, the prime minister is campaigning for trump without caring about the nation and economy .
when an actor came from bangladesh for campaigning, the indian government blocked it .
but modi has gone to america and has campaigned for the return of trump as the president .
thus modi has confirmed that the ideology of both is the same .
the concept of federal governance is being questioned in the rule of bjp in the center .
the promises made in the constitution are being spoiled, alleged sitaram yechuri .
balakrishnan, the tamilnadu state secretary of marxist communist party, pudhuchery district secretary rajangam and other leaders participated in the conference .
the minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and fisheries, and aquatic resources development department pherison has said that compensation for all farmers who are enrolled in the agricultural insurance board and that have paid the insurance installment, will be paid within 2 weeks .
the agricultural insurance board has issued an advisory regarding this .
3,000 farmers of the ambarai, monarakalai and athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss .
the minister made this clear during a discussion in the meeting that was held in the auditorium of the ministry of rural economy .
the postal voting for the elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow .
the president of the election commission, mahinda desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month .
facilities for this have been made at the galle district election office .
one has to carry their national identity card or the identity card permitted by the election commission .
two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of periyar in malaysia .
pahang district, mentakab gardens .
around 100 students are studying in this tamil school founded in 1928 .
on 1792019 periyar library was opened here by govindhasamy, president of farm administrators saba and worker in the dravidian movement .
msuma the headmistress of this school, presided over the event .
members of the school’s administrative board, parent teachers association, teachers, students and periyar workers avudayar, raman, chinnaiah participated in this event .
flavoured drinks and fruits were served to students .
periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school .
bukitraja gardens, killan city .
around 160 students are studying in the tamil school here .
periyar centre was opened here .
around 500 books were donated to the centre .
msmallika palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event .
periyar workers and comrades of dravida kazhakam took part in the event .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
books of periyar were donated to teachers .
kadong gardens, banding city .
there are around 100 students and 15 teachers at this school .
the function was held in the presence of the assistant headmistress of the school mrskanagam .
periyar library was opened on 2392019 with over 400 donated books .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
periyar books were gifted to teachers .
the above events were excellently arranged by m govindhasamy .
it is notable that lectures about periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools .
as a continuation of tamil leader drveeramani, an explanation of the periyarism works is given in all the events .
the candidate of the left democratic alliance, mani ckappan has won kerala’s pala assembly constituency byelection .
km mani was a part of congress alliance though he started a new party after splitting from congress .
km mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of kerala .
km mani who served as a central minister and a minister in various departments of kerala, died in last april .
hence the byelection was announced for pala assembly constituency .
the election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month .
mani ckappan ran as the candidate of left front, jose tom pulikkunnel as the candidate of congress alliance, and kottayam hari ran as the candidate of bjp in this constituency .
the votes polled in this election were counted this morning .
the left candidate mani c kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election .
his opponent from congress alliance received 51,194 votes .
mani ckappan the left front candidate, won by a margin of 2,943 votes .
kottayam hari who ran as the bjp candidate received 18,044 votes .
during the 2016 election, bjp received 24,821 votes in this constituency .
bjp has now lost 6,000 votes due to the byelection .
for the past 54 years, congress alliance has dominated in pala constituency .
now the left has put an end to this domination .
there may be severe rains in the coastal areas from batticaloa to maththarai due to the low pressure system in the southwest of the country .
there may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from kangesanthurai and trincomalee to batticaloa .
there may be isolated rains or rain with thunder in the other coastal areas of the country during the evening or night .
in the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the southwest direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour .
during these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 7080 kms per hour .
the department of meteorology has mentioned in its weather report for coastal areas today that in such instances, the sea will be especially turbulent .
in a meeting conducted in new york, united states, prime minister modi insisted that india should be added as a member of the nuclear suppliers group of countries .
prime minister modi is on a 7 day government trip to the united states .
prime minister modi will speak at the un annual general council meeting tomorrow .
he is taking part in various programs and meeting world leaders in connection with this .
as part of that, he met the american president donald trump in the howdy modi event in houston, united states .
the leaders of the two countries discussed various affairs including their bilateral relationship, industry, trade, defence, global issues and the kashmir issue .
subsequently, many ceos of american companies participated in the meeting of the bloomberg world trade forum meeting in new york yesterday .
prime minister modi took part in this and spoke as follows .
producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for india .
the reason is that india is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group .
india will serve as an example for the whole world, if given this chance .
thus prime minister modi spoke .
most of the world’s nuclear trade is controlled by the nuclear suppliers group .
to become a member of this group, india is continuously taking many steps .
though the united states and other countries supported india’s entry, china objected to this, citing india has not signed the nuclear proliferation treaty .
however, it should be noted that on march, 6 american companies announced the setting up of nuclear reactors in india .
burial urn found near pallipalayam .
electricity board staff dug a pit on september 26th for erecting an electric pole in bharathi nagar in kokkarayanpettai, pallipalayam in namakkal district .
a pot was found during the excavation .
upon further excavation, it was found as burial urn .
bones were seen inside .
upon receiving this information, people from the revenue department arrived at the location and collected the bones in the urn .
regarding this, the people in the area were told, “ kokkarayanpettai is located in river side .
hence, more historical symbols can be found if the archaeology department conducts further investigations” .
the all indian council for technical education aicte, the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically .
higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by aicte .
the syllabus for the colleges affiliated with anna university is framed by the university administration .
as per the guidelines released by aicte in june 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 noncurriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters .
the list had 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values and ethics, ethics and best lifestyle, documentation of photos and videos .
the students enrolled in the first year at anna university campus colleges, such as college of engineering, guindy, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering and madras institute of technology in chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects .
among them, btech information technology students selected philosophy among the 12 available subjects .
in the 5th unit of philosophy under the title “knowledge is power”, things told in the bhagavad gita in connection with realising our power, the teachings of lord krishna to arjuna in the bhagavad gita, for controlling our thoughts is being included in syllabus .
meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in tamil nadu to the sudden introduction of the bhagavad gita in the syllabus by anna university .
leaders including the leader of dravidar kazhagam and editor kveeramani, dmk leader mkstalin, teachers, student federations, writers and various parties all condemned this, saying that it was against secularism, and that this planned introduction of religious matters into the syllabus was irrational .
to protest against anna university for suddenly making the bhagavad gita into a lesson, it was announced that a protest will be conducted near anna university by the student wing of the dmk on october 1 .
his objective is to embrace all with equal status .
the minister for the department of housing and construction culture sajit premadasa has informed that his objective is to embrace all people irrespective of race, caste, political party .
during the press conference held at colombo yesterday .
he also said, based on this a declaration of democratic policy that would make the mother land proud will be released soon .
there is no expectation to strengthen the executive power .
he also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries .
the minister sajit premadasa pointed that those involved in corruption will not be allowed to join the presidential election campaign or in the political journey .
dmk high command has nominated 68 mlas in field for vikravandi byelection duty .
byelection for both vikaravandi and nanguneri constituencies are to be held on october21 .
in these constituencies dmk and congress contests against aiadmk in vikravandi and nanguneri respectively .
since aiadmk will give a tough fight in vikravandi constituency with the support of pmk, it is said that the dmk president stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the district secretary ponmudi .
the number of dmk mlas is 100 among them 68 mlas have been nominated in charge of vikravandi byelection by the dmk high command .
32 mlas belonging to the southern states alone are exempted .
they were also being requested to support congress in nanguneri constituency .
ponmudi has been appointed as the president of election working committee and jagathratchagan mp has been appointed as the secretary .
others including aangayarkanni, salem selvaganapathi, and aks vijayan were also appointed .
further, 10 mps were employed in byelection work .
during the election that was held only for velur constituency after parliamentary election, the dmk high command did not depute any mps for the election work .
then stalin advised them to carry on their works as usual .
now they were also given an assignment .
cbi raids the house of former bengaluru police commissioner .
cbi is conducting a search operation in the house of former bengaluru police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities .
after the collapse of the kumarasamy led government in karnataka, bharatiya janata came to power .
yeddyurappa was sworn in as the chief minister .
in this scenario, the audio conversation of baskar rao, who was appointed as the bengaluru police commissioner, featuring a political personality for the post of commissioner was released, and created a stir .
bharatiya janata party complained about phone tapping during the kumarasamy regime .
bharatiya janata leaders were continuously complaining about the telephone tapping of more than 300 persons including the coordinator of the bharatiya janata coalition government sidhdharamaiah, his assistants, and few leaders of secular janata dal, mlas, and higher officials .
the leaders of this party insisted that a proper inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken regarding this .
also, many personalities including the senior congress leaders mallikarjun karge, siddharamaiah, and former minister for police mppatil insisted on an inquiry regarding this .
in his explanation, kumarasamy has said that none of the telephones were tapped and the complaint regarding this is not true, and that he is ready for any type of inquiry .
this telephone tapping has taken karnataka politics by storm .
in this scenario, the chief minister yeddyurappa recommended a cbi inquiry in connection with this .
the cbi has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry .
cbi officials conducted a sudden search in the house of former police commissioner alekkumar, in bengaluru .
this search was conducted based on information that he had stored the data regarding the tapping of phones of political personalities in a pen drive .
whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over .
prime minister narendra modi gave a speech in the united nations general council today on behalf of india .
during his speech he made scathing attacks against terrorism .
during his speech he reminded india is a land where saints like buddha, vivekananda and kaniyan poonkundranar lived .
modi said our country has given buddhas message of peace of buddha to the world, not the war .
hence we are always raising our voice against terrorism .
we also warn the world to be free from the clutches of terrorism .
famous poet kaniyan poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in india has sung, “world is one, all are relations” in tamil, the worlds ancient language .
it means all the places are connected to us .
and the people of the whole world are our relatives .
this is the uniqueness of india .
we don’t consider terrorism as threat to india alone .
we consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity .
hence the whole world must rally against terrorism .
the great spiritual leader swami vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the world religions conference held in chicago 125 years ago .
that message is, “peace and harmony alone is the need .
and not the differences of opinion .
today, i also put forth the same on behalf of the largest democracy in the world .
our message to the world is ‘peace and harmony alone’ .
thus modi remarked in his speech .
sajith premadasa will compete in the sri lankan presidential election as the candidate of united national party .
the sri lankan president election is to be held on november 16 .
gotabaya rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of sri lanka podujana peramuna .
parties including jvp have also announced their candidates .
there was prolonged confusion regarding the candidate of prime minister ranil’s united national party .
it is said that ranil wanted to compete in the president election .
similarly, there was news that the president maithribala sirisena is trying to compete as a common candidate .
it was ranil’s belief that he could garner tamil votes in case of contesting .
sirisena planned for an easy win by sending ranil to prison without allowing him to complete .
but both these plans failed .
now sajith premadasa is projected to be the candidate of united national party .
it should also be noted that sajith is the son of former president premadasa .
proving his strength by uniting his supporters, sajith has emerged as the presidential candidate .
while addressing a grand public meeting in kaluththurai, mathukama region yesterday sajith ferociously said i am not controlled by anyone, i have self respect .
he indirectly attacked ranil .
a reservation put forth by thanthai periyar is under threat in tamil nadu, remarked former minister and member of legislative assembly evvelu .
the birthdays of thanthai periyar and scholar anna were celebrated in the dhivya education institution, chetpet, on thursday .
the correspondent of the dhivya education institution, bselvarasan presided over the function .
the chief guest, former minister evvelu said .
during the rule of many kings including chera, chola, pandya, chalukya and krishnadeva raya, women were not told to study .
but it was only periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property .
scholar anna executed this .
following that path, in the rule of dmk leader kalaignar, women were given reservation and equal rights in property, samacheer kalvi, eligibility criteria and others .
thanthai periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives .
the policy of thanthai periyar is being threatened now .
while we are creating many doctors based on their qualification through samacheer kalvi, we are cheated in the name of neet, he said .
the event was held in the presence of the secretary of the education institution, senthil kumar, deputy president praveen kumar, and administrative advisor podhana praveen kumar .
member of bolur constituency kvsekaran, former mlas rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, chetpet and dmk town secretary murugan spoke at the event .
the principal of the polytechnic college, murugan delivered the vote of thanks .
tamil nadu tourism development corporation hosted many competitions for students on world tourism day, during celebrations conducted at tamil nadu hotel in madurai .
the culinary artists of this hotel, together prepared 101 dishes and displayed them .
dishes made of millets, foods of the madurain region, varieties of rice dishes, gravies, vegetable curries, tiffins and sweets were prepared .
they also prepared north indian and foreign dishes .
it was said that all the variety of foods that are available in a normal hotel, to those of a five star hotel are available in the tamil nadu hotel .
infact protrainers and seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at jerusalem college, in pallikaranai, chennai .
more than 26 banks and non banking financial institutions took part in the event .
more than 7000 youths and students participated .
during his speech, the executive director of infact protrainers balaji said that he felt proud that the banking companies have said that more than 1500 youths have the chance to be selected .
we arranged this camp only for the benefit of unemployed graduate youths and students .
we have conducted this camp without getting any money from the students or from the companies .
it is our objective to conduct these camps continuously at various places and create a society of employed youth .
the 5th phase of excavation is underway at keezhadi in sivagangai district near madurai, on behalf of the tamil nadu archaeology department .
having said that, the excavation which started on 13 june and will be completed on september 30, is to be continued for an additional 15 days .
in this situation, the public, archaeology enthusiasts, and students from various parts of tamil nadu are visiting keezhadi .
minister mafa pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in keezhadi .
he has said that the museum will be setup at an initial cost of 1 crore .
america has stressed to take necessary steps to ease restrictions in jammu kashmir and release all those in preventive detention .
in the 74th meeting of united nations, the deputy secretary for south and central asian affairs alice wells said .
the preventive detention of so many persons in jammu kashmir is worrying .
the indian government should start political activities in that state .
so elections should be held soon as promised .
the restrictions in jammu kashmir need to be eased and those who are detained should be released .
alice wells stressed that the indian government should take necessary steps for that soon .
earlier there was information that trump wants to mediate in jammu kashmir issue .
india strongly objected to this .
then america withdrew its opinion .
subsequently prime minister went to america to participate in united nations general council meeting .
at first modi and donald trump participated in howdy modi event in houston .
later they both attended many events jointly .
at that time, trump praised modi as the father of india .
in this situation, america has now pressurized india on the kashmir issue .
it has been decided in the meeting of the iit council to hike the fees by 10 times in all the technical education institutions throughout india .
technical education institutions called iit education institutions play an important role in creating skilled students all over india .
the meeting of iit council comprising the directors of iit education institutions that are functioning under the central human resources department was held on 2892019, headed by the cabinet minister ramesh pokhriyal .
the decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public .
it has been decided to increase the fees for mtech in iit institutions by 10 times .
in all the iits in india a sum of rs20, 000 to rs50, 000 only is collected as tuition fee per semester .
now that fee has been increased up to rs2 lakhs per year .
in the academic year 20192020, out of the 12 thousand students studying first year, 9,280 students are qualified for scholarship it has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees that is being provided to mtech students .
the central government is going to reduce the fund that is being given to delhi, chennai, mumbai, karagpur, rourkee and guwahati iit institutions .
in order to face the deficit, the central government has increased the fees that are being collected from the students .
also it is said that these institutions are advised to take developmental works with the aid of the construction activities taken up by these technical education institutions and also it has been advised to obtain loans and to get financial aid from corporate companies .
since coming to power, bjp has been doing its level best to block the education that is being given to common men, in the budget for the year 2015 it reduced the fund for primary education, and subsequently it has been drastically reducing the fund for education in each budget .
following this, as a way of providing more facilities to private education institutions, it has been continuously granting permission for big shots to start education institutions .
in this scenario, without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy, it has introduced various rules making the education institutions to function using the fund provided by private institutions .
through these steps it is involved in making only rich people be able to get education from primary level to higher education and making india an illiterate country in the future taking india back to many centuries .
the book “the art of cartoon” written by ranu, released by the editor of kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam was received by former ias officer karpura sundarapandiyan .
the publishing ceremony of the book “the art of cartoon” written by late “cartoonist” ranu alias skramanujam was held at russian cultural centre, chennai on sunday .
the secretary of indorussian trade corporation pthangappan presided over the function .
the author of the kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former ias officer and the president of siddhar research centre rkarpura sundarapandiyan .
the chief guest of the event karpura sundarapandiyan in his speech said .
late cartoonist ranu alias ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists .
ranu has created many students through cartoon research and the education foundation .
generally, a person who is celebrated throughout the world may not be a celebrity in his own family .
in contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of ranu has released his book after his death .
though ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book .
in his speech, keezhambur sankara subramaniam said, skramanujam was a leading cartoonist in india .
he travelled throughout the world and trained students in drawing cartoons .
he was an innovative artist in creating cartoons .
ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation .
he researched the art of cartoon, according to the indian environment for the past 30 years .
he will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons .
the coordinator of ranu cartoon research and education foundation rboopathi delivered the vote of thanks .
many including nallathambi, television executive cperera participated in the function .
how many check dams were constructed in the 8 year admk rule, dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy .
in a statement released by the partys treasurer duraimurugan regarding this, he has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without any knowledge about the public works department .
in his statement the dmk president duraimurugan has stated, the water released in cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration .
as a leader of the opponent party in the legislative assembly, our leader mkstalin has voiced his concern with responsibility that the admk government has no proper plans to save the water of cauvery on its way .
edappadi palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “has the dmk party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?” .
“what i want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across cauvery at mayanur .
can a chief minister, who has public works department also with him, give wrong details without even knowing this detail? .
that check dam built in mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area .
so agriculture prospered .
so you can see that thousands of people belonging to farmer community from that area who are the beneficiaries even today are grateful to dmk forever .
the check dam was built in mayanur according to the need that arisen during at that time .
there was no need to build more check dams then .
had there been any need, the then chief minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works .
so edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about cauvery .
i am asking during the past eight year admk rule, how many check dams have you built across cauvery? .
another question during dmk ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in tamilnadu .
can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous admk regimes? .
don’t lie .
if you have any answer to the accusation of the opponent leader, show us with evidences about the places of construction or about the proposed plans .
leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across cauvery during the dmk regime may be fine for edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said duraimurugan .
the state bank of india has decided to fix the interest based on the repo rates from 1st october .
the reserve bank of india has so far reduced the interest for short term lending repo by 11 percent in four instalments continuously, considering the economic growth of the country .
but there is a complaint that the banks did not even pass half of this benefit onto customers .
at present, banks are determining the interest based on mclr method .
the reserve bank has ordered the fixing of interest rates based on treasury bill and repo interest rate, released by the government for obtaining short term loans, from 1st october .
accordingly, the state bank of india sbi has announced that it has decided to fix housing, vehicle loans and sme loans based on the mclr rate as a scale .
the sri lankan administrative service association is deciding to suspend its union activities temporarily .
the president of the association, prabhath chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet subcommittee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the presidential election .
based on this, he expressed hope that the administrative services, including the department of registration of persons, the emigration and immigration department, and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will all function as usual .
chandrakeerthi also said that the administrative service association expects a favourable outcome regarding their pay anomaly in talks with the ministerial sub committee in the cabinet meeting that is to be held this coming tuesday .
the cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan will be played today .
this is the first match of the one day match series between sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams, and it starts today in karachi .
this match is to start at 330pm sri lankan time .
this is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in pakistan .
the coach of the sri lankan team asantha d mel has expressed his satisfaction over the security arrangements being made for the sri lankan team in pakistan .
he also said that the sri lankan team has been provided a security detail like that of a government leader or equivalent .
three one day internationals and three t20 matches will be conducted between the sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams .
the international cricket council has appointed michael gough and yowilson as the umpires for the one day series .
the technical snag in the flight bound to malaysia was detected while in the runway .
174 passengers escaped with their lives, as the flight was halted subsequently .
malindo flight arrives in trichy everyday at 1035 pm from the malaysian capital kualalumpur .
then it departs to kualalumpur at 1125 pm from trichy .
as usual the flight arrived at trichy in the night of day before yesterday .
then the flight started with passengers to kualalumpur from trichy .
there were 174 passengers in the flight .
the pilot detected a technical fault in the eliminator of the plane while in the runway .
so he halted the flight in the runway .
then the flight was brought to the starting point in the airport and was halted .
engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault .
so the passengers were seated in the flight for two hours .
but as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane .
subsequently 138 passengers were lodged in a private lodge .
other passengers either rescheduled their travel dates or cancelled their tickets and returned back to their homes .
if the plane had taken flight with technical fault, it would have resulted in an accident .
but due to the timely detection of the technical fault by the pilot, the plane did not fly .
so it is remarkable that all the 174 passengers escaped their lives .
in this scenario, the technical fault in the plane was repaired .
subsequently the flight departed to kualalumpur yesterday evening at around 5 pm with 138 passengers .
the indian health department has announced that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far by dengue fever that spreads through ‘aedes’ mosquitoes .
in tamil nadu and pudhuchery, more than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever so far .
dengue fever is spreading rapidly in tamil nadu and pudhuchery .
indian media have said that a 12 year old girl and a student in krishnagiri, died the day before yesterday .
in chennai govt hospitals, 135 people were admitted and are being treated .
it has been raining in various places in tamil nadu during the past few days .
so special teams have been formed by the municipal administration and health department throughout tamil nadu and dengue fever activities are monitored .
the country’s health department has also advised the dengue fever victims to get treatment in government hospitals .
the deadline to link aadhar with the pan number is extended until december 31 .
the deadline to link aadhar number with permanent income tax account number pan number has been extended till december 31 .
this is the seventh time that the central board of direct taxes cbdt has extended the deadline for linking panaadhar .
already, this deadline has been extended for 6 months from march 31 to september 30 .
now this duration has been extended for a further 3 months .
the unique identification authority of india uidai is providing each indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the aadhar number .
the income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a permanent income tax account number pan number for tax paying individuals and companies .
the central board for direct taxes has made an announcement on 01 july 2017 to link the aadhar number with the income tax number .
the deadline to link aadharpan has been extended many times .
meanwhile, the supreme court which is investigating the case filed against providing the aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last september, declaring the aadhar scheme to be legal .
also, the supreme court made a ruling that the aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax .
it was announced in the central budget on the 5th of last july, that using the aadhar number instead of the pan number when filing income tax would be sufficient .
dmk leader mk stalin today visited the keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the tamil culture in the banks of river vaigai .
the results of the keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient tamil literature is the life of the real tamils, and is not just fiction .
the urban civilisation in the banks of the river ganges started during 6th century bc .
but the tamils of the banks of the river vaigai in the south were at the peak of urban civilisation during 6th century bc tamils led a wealthy life with very high literacy and knowledge, and this was scientifically proven by evidence from the excavation .
the results of the keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the indian subcontinent .
the public is visiting the keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every tamilian .
recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar katchi seeman visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
following him, today the dmk leader, mkstalin visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
the cpm mp svenkatesan and many leading executives of dmk accompanied him .
in connection with this, stalin has uploaded a video of his visit to his twitter page under the title “while visiting the keezhadi sites that reminded the world about the tamil civilisation” .
trump wants the ukraine president to be investigated! .
the white house has confirmed the information released about donald trump’s telephone request to conduct an investigation of the former vicepresident joe biden, a probable presidential candidate of the democratic party .
an impeachment resolution is being proposed against trump by democrats in the house of representatives, citing such an action to initiate an inquiry against an american leader by pressuring another country is wrong .
regarding this, upon the order of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, 6 committees have been formed and an investigation is being initiated .
trump contacted the ukraine president volodymyr zelensky via phone on july 25 during that conversation trump asked him to conduct an investigation .
yesterday, the white house officially released a report regarding the conversation between the presidents of the two countries .
hence it is accepted that such a conversation is true .
meanwhile, during his interaction with the reporters after leaving a united nations meeting, trump said this was a friendly request .
there was no pressure on the ukrainian president .
but one notable issue in this is the sudden stopping of aid worth around 400 million dollars that is being given to ukraine by the american government .
that aid was later allocated .
the cadres of the democratic party see a connection between this and the conversation between trump and the ukrainian president .
hence, this incident is creating a storm in the american politics .
hunter, the son of joe biden was appointed as a paid board member of burisma holdings of ukraine in april, 2014 .
it is notable that this company is involved in natural gas exploration activities in crimea, a ukrainian peninsula annexed by russia .
an official enquiring a scam against burisma holdings was dismissed .
the republic party alleges that joe biden is behind this .
despite this, hunter biden continues to deny this charge of using his family connection to further his own professional benefit .
a government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, has created a stir .
minister sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in tn palayam near gobi, erode district .
when the journalists were taking photos of him, the assistant executive engineer of tamil nadu water and drainage board, muthulingam, was interrupting them .
the reporters said “sir, please move to that side” .
he said “whom do you want to move, are you such a great man” and tried to attack the journalists .
minister sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave .
subsequently, higher officials chased muthulingam from the function .
however, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him .
when he learned about this, minister sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of tamil nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol .
also it is said that he has requested them to suspend muthulingam .
historical evidence to establish the fame of keezhadi was found out in the 5th phase of excavation, said minister pandiyarajan .
during his speech, after visiting in the presence of jayakanthan, the minister of khadi and village industries gbaskaran, the minister of tamil official language and tamil culture told the press .
the 5th phase of archaeological excavation is proving to be a turning point in the historical analysis of ancient tamil nadu .
the prosperity of keezhadi dates from 6 bc to 1 ad .
the evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river vaigai .
the scientific estimation in the keezhadi excavation has dated the tamilbrami back a further 100 years this study has revealed that the tamil society was a literate community in 6 bc .
also the samples of 70 pieces of bone that were excavated in this study were sent for scientific analysis to deccan college, the masters and research institution .
these pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock .
this study shows that animals such as cow, buffalo, and goat were used in agriculture, and the scars found in the bone samples of antelope, goat and wild boar shows that these animals were used for eating .
the results of this analysis show that the ancient community which was primarily engaged in agriculture, also engaged in livestock farming .
the samples of roofing made of brick and limestone, and the coating of sheath wells, were being sent for analysis to velur technical university .
during the study, minerals such as silica sand, limestone, iron, aluminium and magnesium were found in each of these .
work is in progress to construct a museum in the prime location to preserve such rare findings and to make keezhadi to be useful for tamil scholars, students and the public .
furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation will be extended for two more weeks, and the works will be continued .
similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the minister for tamil official language and tamil culture .
the manamadurai mla snagarajan, former member of parliament senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology jeevanandam, guardian asaithambi, thiruppuvanam tahsildar raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event .
a glittering function was conducted on behalf of the andhra club by ashiana subham senior housing company with fashion show for the elderly, dance, song and celebration for the international day for the older persons .
a 92 year old granny gave a dance performance of the snake song and stunned everyone .
actress ambika, singer lreswari and poornima kumar gave prizes to ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple .
the events were organised by poornima kumar of virgo events .
businessman nalli kuppusamy chetti, actress ambika, singer lr eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition .
15 grannies participated in the fashion show .
haripriya won the first prize .
sureka, radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively .
smart grandpas wore fashion dresses and marched .
manick won the first place and kannan won the 2nd place .
suzanne, kala and vanaja won the best dancing granny prize .
in the mr and mrs chennai competition, ramanan couple won first place and seenivasan balambal couples won second place .
the families of the elderly participated and encouraged them .
92 year old lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise .
like women’s day and valentines day, older persons day should be celebrated in a grand manner said poornima kumar of virgo events .
labour commissioner muthumanickam participates in the international labour organisation meeting .
the international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations .
throughout all the countries in the world the labour laws are framed only upon the basis of the traditions and recommendations of international labour organisation of the united nations .
a review of such traditions and recommendations will be held till the 27th in the campus of international labour organisation in geneva, switzerland .
this meeting will consult and discuss all the traditions and recommendations, and forward them to be referred by the administrative council .
the chief deputy labour commissioner of the ministry of central labour and employment muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the indian government .
international labour unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in this tripartite meeting .
a news release by the deputy chief labour commissioner said this is the first time that a deputy chief labour commissioner is being sent as the representative of india for such a job .
meanwhile, sachandrasekar, the father of actor and director vijay, came to tuticorin today via a flight from chennai, in order to participate in a program at nagarcoil in kanyakumari district .
he was asked about the vijay’s speech and the opposition of aiadmk .
in his reply he stated, “subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road .
everyone is talking about this incident .
vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about .
even the court had asked why the persons involved in subasri’s incident have still not been arrested .
in this scenario, it is not unknown why ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone,” he said when asked, “is vijay’s speech a sign of political entry?” .
he said “it doesn’t seem so for me .
and started saying, “let me go, it's urgent” .
the deputy chief minister opaneer selvam today inspected the flats of the tamilnadu slum clearance board located in valliswaran koil thottam, raja annamalaipuram, chennai and listened to the grievances of the public .
the 488 flats which were built during 197980 are in a severely damaged condition .
the deputy chief minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed .
the deputy chief minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sqft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sqft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of rs6789 under housing for all scheme .
he also informed that, with the quotations for this scheme finalized, the works for demolishing the existing flats and construction of new flats will be executed soon .
the deputy chief minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then .
opaneer selvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been constructed for homeless poor people and houses will be constructed for all before 2023 .
ravi mla and officials were present .
the carnatic music competition for young artists is held by the indira sivasailam foundation .
as a prelude to the indira sivasailam foundation annual music festival at the chennai music academy, the indira sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “anwesha quest for the best” .
the “anwesha bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “the music academy advanced school of carnatic music” and the awardees of the indira sivasailam foundation .
the participants of the anwesha bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in carnatic music via video format to the facebook page of the indira sivasailam foundation .
this year around 100 participants from tamil nadu, andhra, telengana, karnataka and kerala including a few participants from usa and middle eastern countries uploaded their material to participate .
the team of judges included professor ritha rajan, drrsjayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of the music academy advanced school of carnatic music, and the recipient of this year’s indira sivasailam foundation medal, drbandhula .
apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 1015 flute and violin, competitions for artists of ages 1620 have also been introduced this year .
the participants of all 3 categories in this event showcased their talents .
the details of the winners of the anwesha 2019 competition are as follows .
swathika, dhuruv spathangi and in the musical instrument category kamatchi ambathiputhi, aprameya seshadri are the winners .
rtshyam raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 1620 years .
the members of anwesha judges team were drbandhula rama, professor ritha rajan, dr rsjayalakshmi and sunita subramanian of the indira sivasailam foundation presented the prizes to the winners .
the visitors and participants who came to witness the event lauded the efforts of the indira sivasailam foundation that protects the art form of carnatic music .
an indian girl who fought against child marriage awarded with bill gates foundation award .
a 17 year old girl from rajasthan awarded with “change maker” award by bill gates foundation, for fighting against child marriage and child labor .
payal jankit 17 hails from hinsla village, 100 kms from jaipur in rajasthan district .
she seriously campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labor that was prevalent in her village .
she made this campaign in a few villages near her village also .
so many child marriages were stopped in that area .
to honor this act bill and melinda gates foundation has announced her award .
in this scenario, the award ceremony was conducted on tuesday night at new york, america .
payal jankit received the award from deputy general secretary amina jmohammed .
in her speech after receiving the award payal said, “there were many problems in our village .
particularly, girl child will not be sent out for studies .
they will be married at a very young age .
my family decided to marry me also at a very young age .
at that time, i approached a social activist and pacified my father .
subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school .
we went door by door and created awareness about this among all .
parents should create an opportunity for each child to enhance their lives” .
a period of public amnesty has been announced again in jordan .
the embassy of jordan has announced that this period of public amnesty which started on september 22, will be in force until november 29, the bureau of foreign employment has said .
during this amnesty period, foreign employees who went to jordan on a business visa and have stayed beyond the stipulated time, can return to the country without paying any fine .
however, foreigners who travelled on tourist visas and are staying beyond the stipulated period illegally, can leave after paying a fine, the embassy of jordan has said .
such a public amnesty period had been announced last february in jordan for foreigners who were illegally staying there, requiring them to leave the country .
is bjp indulging in caste politics to gain a foothold in tamil nadu? .
being unable to make its lotus blossom in tamil nadu after so many unsuccessful attempts, it is said that bjp is finally indulging in caste politics .
during the first tenure of modi as prime minister, lotus was in a position to be searched in tamil nadu .
twice during the justconcluded mp election, amit shah said sternly “i won’t care about what you may do lotus must blossom in tamil nadu” .
but it lost in all 5 constituencies it had contested .
although the whole nation supported bjp, there is still an antibjp wave in tamil nadu .
triple talaq, the kashmir problem, enforcing hindi, and one nation one language problems were above all these .
all these problems have added to the woes of the party .
hence it is said that bjp high command is very angry with the tamil nadu bjp executives, and there is a problem with even the state president not being nominated .
however, bjp is planning to gain a stronghold in tamil nadu at any cost, before the upcoming elections .
from direct field reports, it seems that the bjp high command has almost reached a decision .
accordingly there is a thought among the people of nadar, vanniyar and devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both admk and dmk .
so they are upset with the dravidian parties, it is said .
bjp has cleverly started playing this card .
it is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post .
the appointment of tamilisai soundararajan as the telengana governor is such a move .
similarly, it is said that the bjp government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in isro .
it is true that this action of bjp to honour each community will make the people of that community feel proud and happy .
also, this caste politics will reward bjp with what it cannot achieve by other means .
at the same time, with tamil nadu already being spoiled by caste politics, it is not known if these activities of bjp will further fan the flames .
incase the caste feelings are fanned further, bjp will lose even the smallest gains it has made so far! .
drunkard kills a laborer near villupuram .
a laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in valavanur, villupuram .
tension prevailed as the subinspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked .
thanigairaj 28 is the son of pichaikaran of kengarampalayam colony at valavanur near villupuram .
he was a laborer .
ayyanar 33 is the son of kasinathan from the same area .
these two often engaged in disputes and confrontations in that area in an inebriated state .
there were cases on these two in valavanur police station also .
in this scenario, the tender coconut seller ayyanar, used to threaten people regularly with a sickle used to cut tender coconuts, during night times in an inebriated state .
in this aspect, after consuming alcohol on saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle .
during that time due to pre existing animosity ayyanar went to the house of thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him .
in the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts .
thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot .
subsequently, he was roaming in the road, chasing people with the sickle .
on knowing the information valavanur subinspector manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him .
subinspector manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time .
immediately he was admitted in a private hospital and received treatment .
subsequently, police chased down ayyanar and took him to the police station .
on knowing about the incident, villupuram dsp jsankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot .
police security was provided as the killing in kengarampalayam created fear in the pondicherry border area .
upon complaint about this incident, valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested ayyanar and are investigating .
road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by new prince sri bhavani arts and science college at medavakkam near chennai and chennai corporation traffic police department madipakkam traffic police circle .
the director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college, mprabakaran welcomed all .
the function was held in the presence of senior principal vkarunanidhi, principal vuma devi, and vice principal amadhiyapaes pacheli .
the vicepresident of the prince educational group lnaveen prasad presided over the function and opened the road safety awareness camp .
the madipakkam traffic police inspector sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students .
in his speech he told that the importance of the rules of road should start with the students, because the parents and this society are dependent on them .
the youth are the most affected in road accidents, and to avoid accidents, awareness programs like this must be conducted .
traffic rules need to be followed by everyone, not for the sake of avoiding fines, but to safeguard your precious lives .
students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle .
students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly .
drivers should provide enough cooperation to the traffic police .
if every college regularly monitors students following traffic rules, the invaluable lives of students can be saved .
the future of the country is in the hands of the youth, and it is the essential duty of traffic police and the public to safeguard the youth .
subinspector ravikumar, head constables kandeepan, seenivasan, thiyagarajan also took part in this camp .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile who was the pioneer of the national medicine policy .
he was killed under mysterious circumstances in the guyana islands .
he was the first professor in the country in the department of medicine .
professor vibile worked as the first dean of the faculty of medicine at peradanai university .
he revealed the actions taken by the multinational medicine companies for the sale of medicines and was subjected to various pressures from these vendors .
the loss faced by the government due to the import of drugs under various names amounts to crores of rupees .
he made the government aware of the need for a national drug policy .
he worked towards giving 335 types of essential medicines to patients at a reasonable price and of the highest quality .
due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies .
the mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved .
the prime minister narendra modi didn’t say a single word regarding the kashmir issue during his speech at the united nations assembly today .
the 74th session of the united nations assembly is currently in progress .
prime minister narendra modi spoke on behalf of india today .
during his speech he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism .
during his speech he quoted lines of the tamil poet kaniyan poonkundranar “the world is one, all are relations” .
modi proudly said that the contribution of india in global warming is moving towards a solution, and said that india is contributing less to global warming and giving more solutions .
the government of india is taking serious initiatives to make india free of plastics .
he also said that a large scale health insurance plan is being implemented in india .
modi quoted the nice lines ‘world is one, all are relation’ in tamil .
but he did not refer to jammu kashmir at any point during his speech .
the reason for this is the strong determination of the central government that jammu kashmir is an internal problem of india .
with pakistan wishing to make it an international issue, modi has intentionally avoided any words about jammu kashmir, say political observers .
this has sent a message to the countries of the world that kashmir is an internal issue of india .
in a literacy test conducted in kerala, 2,993 tribal people have passed .
an 85 year old elderly woman has also passed in this exam .
as per the 2011 census, 9391 of the people in kerala are literate .
kerala government is taking efforts to make it 100 .
the state literacy commission was formed for this purpose .
this commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy .
importantly, this commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrant workers .
classes for providing literacy to the tribal dominated area in vayanad district were conducted from last february and exams were conducted recently .
this exam was conducted for 100 marks 30 marks were allotted for competency in reading, 40 marks for writing competency, and 30 marks for knowledge in mathematics .
it is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam .
3,090 tribal people from vayanad district took part in the exam .
the literacy commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed .
this includes an 85 year old woman .
the director of school education, skannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and governmentaided schools on october 3 .
he sent out a circular regarding this, to the chief educational officers and district educational officers of all districts on wednesday .
free notebooks for government and governmentaided schools are given to all districts through tnpl .
similarly, free books for the second term were sent through the tamil nadu textbook society .
chief educational officers of all districts have to distribute books and notebooks for all government and governmentaided schools in their districts before september 30 .
in his circular, he also asked them to instruct all headmasters to distribute the free books and notebooks on the first day of term, after quarterly exams .
today is the international day for access to information .
on account of this, the ministry of public media department has announced information month .
this will be held from the 15th of this month until the 15th of next month .
during this period many programs to encourage actions regarding the right to access information will be implemented .
the law to access information will be passed in the sri lankan parliament in 2016 .
this activity will further strengthen democracy .
this law is currently ranked as the fourth of its kind in the world .
usage of plastic products banned at bjp headquarters in delhi .
the usage of single use plastic products like water bottles is banned there .
india is getting ready for the busy elections .
elections will be held in maharashtra and haryana on 21 next month .
election results are to be announced on 24 of the same month .
now all the parties are getting ready for that seriously .
in this scenario, bjp held its election working committee in delhi .
prime minister modi, bjp national president amit shah, bjp national executive president jp natta took part in the discussion .
previously prime minister modi held discussions with the election working committee of bjp during last march .
later, during his independence address he urged to avoid plastics .
he had requested to avoid single use plastic products .
in this scenario, usage of sngle use plastics in totally banned in bjp headquarters .
importantly, water bottles were totally given up .
water bottles were not to be used in today’s bjp meeting also .
as an alternate for this, water will be served in glass jar for those coming there .
it is said that this is based on the request of prime minister modi .
it should be noted that many netizens have expressed their views in support of this action .
gulalai ismail hails from pakistan .
she is a social activist and since her childhood, she has been vocal against child marriage, violence against women, honour killings and oppression .
she posted with evidence, the photos of pakistan military indulging in sexual harassment against women and girls belonging to the aboriginal pashtun group in some areas including khyber pakhtunkhwa, baluchistan province, in social media .
“treason charges” are filed on gulalai and the country’s police is seriously trying to arrest her .
but with the help of her friends and relatives, gulalai ismail has escaped from pakistan and has taken refuge in the united states .
meanwhile, the prime minister of pakistan, imran khan made a speech the day before yesterday at the un council in new york, america .
“there are no militant groups in pakistan so we should all unite against terrorism,” he said .
police are investigating the death of a youth who died by electrocution while using a mobile whilst it was charging .
ramakrishnan was a resident of odappalli area near pallipalayam, namakkal district .
his son is devendran age 27 .
he was employed as the tower manager in a famous private cell phone company .
devendran was charging his mobile whilst also using it yesterday afternoon at his house .
suddenly there was an electrical leakage and devendran was electrocuted .
he was thrown back and sustained severe injuries and died tragically .
on learning of this incident, the pallipalayam police reached the house and conducted an inquiry .
later, the body of devendran was sent to pallipalayam government hospital for postmortem .
a complaint was made at pallipalayam police station regarding the incident .
upon receiving this the police filed a case and are now investigating .
this incident has caused a stir in the local area .
the supreme court has strongly warned that it cannot grant even a oneday time period after october 18 to present the arguments .
the supreme court is hearing the appeals that are made against the verdict of allahabad high court in the ayodhya case .
the supreme court has been hearing the case on a daily basis since the 6th of last month .
the court has advised to complete the arguments before october 18 .
a bench headed by the chief justice ranjan gogoi is hearing this case .
the hearing has been conducted for an additional one hour since last monday .
during yesterday’s arguments the islamic organisations objected to the 2003 statement of the archaeological department .
commenting on this, the judges said, “if there are any objections to the statement of the archaeology department, you might have raised them in the allahabad high court .
there you will be granted relief as per the law .
we won’t allow that to be raised here” .
in this scenario, the ayodhya case came for hearing again today .
during the hearing the islamic organisations begged pardon if they had wasted court time by objecting to the statement of the archaeology department .
the lawyer of the islamic side has not lost his right to question the statement of the archaeology department .
bu the evidence could not be evaluated after it was accepted by the court, said the judges .
the judges pointed out that the arguments need to be completed by october 18 and accordingly, the hindu and islamic sides need to specify the time period to complete their arguments .
the judges also informed that they cannot grant even one day to present their arguments after october 18, and it will be fine if the judgment is given within four weeks of this case .
they also said that only one lawyer will be allowed to present their counter arguments of the hindu organisations, as there are more holidays during october .
“just increase the dosage of the tablets for dengue nothing will happen otherwise”, uttarakhand bjp chief minister trivendra singh has said .
around 4800 people have been diagnosed with dengue in uttarakhand .
the officials have also confirmed that so far, 3,000 persons in dehradun and 1,100 people in haldwani are suffering from dengue .
among them, 4 people died in dehradun and 2 people died in haldwani .
a report by the state health department itself declared the death of 8 people up to september 17 .
replying to questions from journalists that infection spread by mosquitoes is on the rise despite these efforts, trivendra singh said, “patients affected by dengue should take a 650mg paracetamol dose instead of a 500mg dose, and rest for some time, then they will be cured” .
the death of a priest in thiruvallur caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in that area .
govindaraj age 45 was residing in iraiyamangalam near thiruvallur .
he was a priest and is unmarried .
he also knows siddha medicine, astrology and yoga .
being from nanganallur, chennai, he bought an acre of land there 15 years ago, and was living alone .
he was growing herbal plants all around the house .
in this scenario, a young woman lavanya, from besant nagar, chennai, visited last saturday and stayed with govindaraj .
govindaraj was performing pooja yesterday evening in the pooja room of the house .
suddenly a mysterious object exploded with thunderous noise .
in this incident the body of govindaraj caught fire .
he ran out of the house shouting .
lavanya who came out upon hearing the noise, was shocked to see the scorched body of govindaraj .
govindaraj who sustained severe burns, died on the spot .
on hearing this information, mappedu police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the deceased to thiruvallur government hospital for postmortem .
lavanya luckily escaped, as she was in a nearby room when the mysterious object exploded .
it is not known if the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room was a bomb .
what was the object that exploded in the pooja room? .
it is not known if it is a bomb .
forensic expert nalina and officers led by deputy superintendent of police harini collected the evidence at the scene, which was then sent for analysis .
the mysterious object that exploded in the pooja room will only be known after the results are received .
there were also blood stains in the pooja room .
police suspect that there would have been no chance of bleeding during the fire .
based on the post mortem report of govindaraj, the police have planned to conduct a further inquiry .
in relation to this incident, the lady who was staying with him is also being investigated .
the death of a priest caused by the explosion of a mysterious object in pooja room has caused a stir in the area .
cbcid police are investigating the neet impersonation case .
in this scenario, an investigation was conducted with both the arrested udit surya and his father venkatesan, the day before yesterday at theni cbcid office .
the southern region superintendent mr vijayakumar and deputy superintendent mr hardwin jagadeeshkumar, cbcid inspector ms chitradevi conducted the investigation and properly recorded the statement .
later after completing the medical checkup, they were presented before the magistrate of theni sessions court, mr paneer selvam .
did filming of the actor sasikumar cause suffering to patients of a government hospital? .
the resulting noise from the film shoot made all the inpatients of the hospital suffer considerably .
many people including night duty doctors, nurses and staff watched the film shooting .
upon inquiry, it was revealed that all the ambulances were used for the filming of the new film directed by pon ram starring actor sasikumar .
reports say that proper permission was not obtained from the hospital administration for the shooting of the film .
immediately, the public blocked ambulances and argued with the film crew .
on hearing about the incident, the kanavilakku police rushed to the scene and took the ambulance driver for questioning .
however, the film crew had already fled the scene prior to this, said people at the scene .
we contacted the film crew for an explanation regarding the incident .
but we were unable to reach them .
the nataraja statue rescued from australia, was kept in the premises of kallidaikurichi kulasekaramudayar temple, yesterday .
the kallidaikurichi aramvalartha nayaki with kulasekaramudayar temple is in tirunelveli district .
the panchaloka idols of the two and a half foot tall nataraja statue, sivakami ambal, manickavasagar, sripalinathar in the nataraja shrine of this ancient temple, were stolen in 1982 .
it came to be known that these statues were in an australian museum .
upon the efforts of a special team led by the chief of the idol wing pon manickavel, the statue was rescued and brought to tamil nadu .
subsequent to the order of the kumbakonam court, it was brought to kallidaikurichi yesterday .
the statue, which arrived in a police vehicle, was given a warm welcome by the public with musical instruments .
later the statue was kept in the shrine of the kulasekaramudayar temple .
special officer pon manickavel said the other three statues including sivakami ambal that were stolen along with these statues will be traced soon .
those who are involved with this incident will be arrested soon .
the cbcid police have arrested 3 more medical students and their fathers in connection with the neet exam impersonation case .
udit surya and father drvenkatesan working in stanley medical college, were arrested in connection with impersonating in the neet exam .
with them being continuously questioned, drvenkatesan was suspended yesterday .
meanwhile, the cbcid police were intensely investigating the impersonation case .
with 3 medical students of kanchipuram district caught yesterday, 3 more students were arrested today .
the cbcid police have today arrested abirami, praveen, rahul of krishnagiri and villupuram medical colleges and their fathers and are questioning them .
6 mediators were also arrested in this case .
it is said that cbcid is now acting, based on the statement given by the father of udit surya when he was questioned .
the cbcid has said that shocking information has been continuously released in the neet exam impersonation case .
the evolving method of new graduates from universities protesting in streets due to lack of employment is thanks to an education system that has deviated from the fields of science, technology and research, president maithripala sirisena has said .
so, it is also very important to make necessary basic changes in the national educational policies and introduce and implement the newer education systems of developed nations, stated the president .
the president said this during his speech while inaugurating the second phase of the ‘shilpa sena’ exhibition that began in the polannurava gallele national stadium yesterday .
under the guidance of the ministry of the science, technology and research department, the second phase of the shilpa sena exhibition will be featured in the polannaruva gallele national stadium until the 25th, with intellectual and new innovation, along with various entertainment events .
during his address after participating in this inauguration event, the president also said that the progress in the world is through new inventions that are created from research in science and technology .
more cooperation is needed from science, technology and research departments to confront the challenges faced by the people of our country due to climatic changes the president also explained the need of experts in these fields .
the president, who noted that selfcentred thinking and acting of a majority of people in the fields of politics, science, technology and research without thinking about the nation is an important challenge in the journey towards development he also pointed out that it is a big problem that the country is losing much needed scholars to serve as engineers, doctors and auditors because of scholars who think only about themselves and leave their nation after receiving free education .
the shilpa sena exhibition which is being held under the theme of ‘wealthy nation by strong hands’ is primarily divided into five sections regarding business initiative, business market, new strategies, blue green zone and entertainment .
in the technology department under the important themes of stem education, space technology, robotic technology, nanotechnology, mechatronics, new power strength, blue green technology, 5g, and iot it has been arranged to promote modern scientific, technological and research knowledge .
in the new products section of the shilpa sena exhibition, more than 250 new inventions have been displayed, and projects have been implemented for making those products commercial .
the president also interacted with the team after inaugurating and visiting the exhibition .
many officials including the secretary of the ministry of science, technology and research chinthka lokuhetti participated in this event .
dusshera festival in mutharamman temple, kulashekaranpattinam began with flag hoisting .
the annual dusshera festival held in kulashekaranpattinam mutharamman temple near thiruchendur is famous throughout the world .
in india more people gather for dusshera only in kulasai, next to samundeeswari temple in mysore .
worshipping the god dressed in various attires after fasting and giving their vows is the uniqueness of mutharamman temple festival .
among them, persons dressing as godess kali fasting severly for 48 days is more special .
the dusshera festival for the year 2019 started today with the hoisting of flag .
dusshera festival will be held for 10 days .
the important event of dusshera festival, the killing of the giant mahisha will be held on 8th october .
on the night of that day, lord ambiga who will rise up in kulashekarapattinam seashore will kill the giant mahisha .
it is estimated that more than 6 lakh devotees will come to worship the lord amman, on account of the festival .
the devotees have the privilege of worshipping the godess and god together as mutharamman sits in the sanctum with gnanamoortheeswarar .
the devotees strongly believe that godess mutharamman will solve problems related to psychiatry, marriage and child birth .
20 persons died in a powerful earthquake that hit indonesia on thursday .
regarding this the country's national disaster rescue system and rescue force said .
there was a powerful earthquake near ambon city in malukku islands on thursday at 845 am local time .
it was recorded as 65 units in richter scale .
many buildings collapsed in this earthquake there were also landslides at many places .
20 persons lost their lives in these incidents .
they lost their lives getting caught in building ruins and getting buried in landslides .
among them a woman lost her life when she fell from her two wheeler while driving it towards a higher altitude fearing a tsunami attack .
apart from this 100 people were injured due to earthquake 2,000 persons were shifted to safe areas, said the officials .
there is information that ambon city where about 4 lakh people live and surrounding areas were affected by this earth quake .
as tremors jolted the city hospital, patients and others left the hospital urgently .
subsequently, temporary camps were setup and patients are lodged in them, says information .
it should be remembered that about 4,300 people died in an earthquake of magnitude 75 in the richter scale that hit indonesia last year .
robbery attempted in kanchipuram atm .
a mysterious gang of 3 persons on a motor cycle escaped on seeing the police .
there is a state bank of india at velinga pattarai area of kanchipuram .
today at around 3 am 3 mysterious persons on a motor cycle parked it in front of the atm and saw the camera at the door of the atm .
then the applied the spray brought by them on the camera .
kanchipuram taluk police inspector baskar, subinspector chellapillai and other police who were on patrolling duty came there on the way .
on hearing the horn of the police the 3 persons escaped on the motor cycle in which they have come .
but the inspector baskar chased them for some time .
but they entered a narrow lane and escaped .
the kanchipuram taluk police have registered a case regarding this and are on the lookout for mysterious persons who attempted robbery in the atm .
as the police came there on patrol, lakhs of rupees in the atm was safe .
tamils should appreciate prime minister modi for his speech praising the riches of the tamil language, un council minister sellur raju has said .
the minister for the department of cooperation usually relaxes the gathering in the meetings of aiadmk party through his witty speech .
also, during his press conferences his opinions made the headlines .
during his speech in un council, the prime minister modi had quoted “the world is one, all are relations” a line from ancient tamil literature, purananooru .
he has mentioned that the tamilians should thank and appreciate prime minister modi and it is our duty .
also, prime minister modi had “glorified tamil among world leaders”, he said .
he said this to the press persons while flagging new buses at arappalayam bus stand, madurai .
this interview with minister sellur raju has made even the cadres of bjp feel shy .
he also said that the rule of law prevails in tamil nadu, and the arrest of former admk councillor jayagobal is the best example for that .
the admk government will not support wrong deeds by anyone, and will take action without prejudice, he promised .
tahil ramani served as the chief justice of chennai high court .
after one year since her appointment as the chief justice, the collegium recommended the central government appoint another chief justice for chennai .
accordingly, it was decided to appoint tahil ramani as the chief justice of meghalaya high court .
justice tahil ramani refused to accept this transfer and made a demand to the collegium .
but her demand was rejected .
subsequently, she submitted her resignation .
at this stage, a case was filed against the transfer of tahil ramani .
meanwhile, the central government announced that it had accepted the resignation of tahil ramani .
the case was also dismissed .
meanwhile, a farewell was conducted for tahil ramani on behalf of the associations of chennai high court lawyers .
a protest was staged by the secular progressive alliance, condemning the violence of hindu munnani and urging speedy action by the police .
on the 5th of last month, more than 60 hindu munnani activists gained unauthorised entry into the premises of a knitwear company in angeripalayam road in tirupur .
the employees there were subjected to an attack and their belongings were also damaged .
the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with this incident .
the business community, various political parties, activists and citizens have heavily condemned this incident a protest condemning this incident was announced on 9th of last month by the secular progressive alliance of tirupur .
with the permission denied, a complaint was given to the district collector and tirupur district police commissioner .
in a discussion that followed, a protest was announced by the secular progressive alliance again on september 17 .
since the police department denied permission for this also, a protest “condemning the violent approach of hindu munnani and urging speedy action from the police” was conducted defying the ban .
kselvaraj, dmk secretary of tirupur north district headed the agitation .
executives from all parties including cpim state committee member kkamaraj, smuthukannan, cpi m secretary, tirupur district, mravi, cpi secretary, tirupur district, ramasamy of congress party, and sampath from the mdmk, all took part in the agitation .
the police interrupted the protest citing lack of permission .
during this time, the secular progressive alliance parties said hindu munnani activists attacked a knitwear company in tirupur on the 5th of last month and indulged in violence .
condemning this event, we have asked for proper permission to conduct a protest democratically, but the police department denied it regarding this, we made a complaint to the collector, and police commissioner the police denied us permission, considering the importance of the demands we are conducting, to protest democratically in a nonviolent way defying the ban .
also the police department has arrested only a few people in connection with the attack on the knitwear company .
they urged the police to take speedy action to arrest hindu munnani agitators in connection with this incident .
since more than 500 people particularly women, participated together in the agitation, and raised their voice against violence, the police retreated without arresting those who defied the ban .
in the agitation, voices were raised against the attack on the knitwear company by hindu munnai and against various forms of communal violence unleashed by hindu munnani .
that the protest was conducted democratically, and with control by the secular progressive alliance, creating awareness against violence among the people of tirupur, is not an overstatement! .
rs100 crore was collected from ticketless train travellers .
railway police will file a case and impose fines on those travelling without tickets on trains .
the number of ticketless travellers has increased compared to last year .
a news release of the central railway has revealed that that from april to september 2018, a total of 1742 lakh cases had been filed, and rs8798 in fines was collected this year from april to september, 1915 lakh cases were filed and rs10029 were collected in fines .
the district collectors of namakkal and thiruvallur districts showed the awards, which were presented to them by the central government for best performance in medical service, to the chief minister edappadi palanisamy and were greeted by him .
the district collector of namakkal district masia mariam showed the award presented by the central government for best implementation of the scheme “save girl child, educate girl child” for a fourth year in a row, resulting in an improvement of sex ratio the district collector of thiruvallur district maheswari ravikumar showed the award which was presented on 692019 in a function held in new delhi, for creating awareness of this scheme among the people she was greeted by the chief minister edappadi palanisamy at the secretariat .
the minister of social welfare and nutritious meal department drvsaroja, chief secretary kshanmugam, the secretary for social welfare and nutritious meal department smadhumadhi, social welfare commissioner tabraham were present during this event .
“if i do it, people also will come forward to do this!” says ram singh regarding this initiative, “people were fed up with the hardships of purchasing large amounts of vegetables, traffic jams and environmental pollution .
with so many people complaining about this, it does not seem that they thought of an alternative way, or realised that the solution lies with them .
the proper solution to this is, only if i do what i believe, people will be ready to follow .
so my wife and i walk 10 kms once a week to purchase vegetables .
since this has continued for six months, we are now used to it .
now i am mentally very satisfied” he says .
“many said that it would be tough to walk, carrying large amounts of vegetables i recommended them to carry a bamboo basket with them to fight against the plastic threat .
but they laughed at this .
so my wife and i went to the market carrying a bamboo basket .
only then did i realise that it would be helpful in many ways .
many youths are not physically healthy nowadays .
i think they should start walking and control their diet .
i deeply believe that only traditional methods can provide the best solutions for new challenges that are brought up by the modern world .
if a person follows traditional methods, he could be “fully fit” says an excited ram singh ias .
dr gsengottuvelu, specialist in heart surgery has informed that cardiovascular diseases including heart attack are the leading factors for death throughout the world .
world heart day is celebrated on september 29 of every year .
to mark this, an awareness program named “lets unite with heart – save our heart” was conducted by drgs heart foundation at thiyagaraya nagar in chennai on 2792019 .
chief consultant of apollo hospital and interventional cardiac treatment specialist drsengottuvelu presided over this event .
led by the special guest film actor sivakumar everyone including doctors took the oath heart saviours – the heroes of heart .
following this sivakumar delivered a speech about leading a healthy life .
the head of the hospital dr amuruganathan received it .
during his speech in this event expert dr gsengottuvelu said .
cardiac diseases including heart attack is the number one factor for the loss of lives worldwide .
in india heart diseases are on the rise .
youths are also affected by cardiac arrest .
if we are aware and maintain a safe physique, 80 percent of heart diseases can be prevented .
if our mother, father, grand father and grand mother have heart diseases then there are chances for us also to have heart diseases .
if we maintain a proper life style, we can prevent heart diseases to an extent .
with the modern medicines we have now, we can predict those prone to heart attack in advance .
if detected at an early stage, heart attack can be prevented .
in case of a heart attack, it can be healed soon .
thus he spoke .
the disqualification period of the sikkim chief minister premsingh who was convicted in corruption case has been reduced to one month from six years .
so the stalemate has been removed for damang to contest in the byelection .
sikkim assembly elections were held along with loksabha elections .
sikkim granthikari morcha registered an overwhelming victory in this election .
the leader of that party premsingh damang took charge as the chief minister of the state .
but damang was sentenced to prison in 2016 by a lower court in a corruption case .
since this was confirmed by the supreme court also, he was imprisoned .
since a person sentenced to prison in a corruption case cannot contest in elections for 6 years, there was a controversy even while he assumed office .
in this scenario damang is contesting in the sikkim byelection .
damang is ruling in sikkim with the support of bjp .
meanwhile, damang has sent a letter to the election commission requesting to remove the 6 year ban imposed on him to contest in elections, quoting various sections of law .
the election commission has announced that it has reduced the ban period to one year and a month, after considering his letter .
thus there is no ban for damang to contest in the assembly byelection .
using the concession given to damang the bjp may start its political game in other states including tamilnadu .
statements may also be released from election commission fulfilling the wishes of the bjp in entirety .
government doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya has been suspended in the neet exam impersonation case .
also, a person called joseph who acted as the mediator in the impersonation case, was arrested in kerala .
udit surya, a student who was admitted to theni medical college was found to have impersonated in the neet exam .
subsequently, police filed a case against udit surya and his family .
but udit surya and his family escaped and absconded .
also udit surya has applied for anticipatory bail in the court .
in this scenario, police arrested udit surya who was staying with family in tirupathi .
the family of udit surya was arrested together and was brought to theni and enquired for several hours .
during this enquiry, venkatesan the father udit surya agreed impersonating to make his son a doctor .
following the statement given by venkatesan the police all were produced in court and subsequently jailed .
the father of udit surya worked as government doctor in stanley hospital, chennai .
since he is arrested and jailed now, the government of tamil nadu has suspended him .
and based on the statement of acknowledgement given by venkatesan, a mediator joseph has been arrested in kerala .
he is to be brought to tamil nadu for enquiry .
doctor venkatesan, the father of udit surya and doctor in the stanley government hospital, chennai has been suspended in neet exam impersonation case .
meanwhile, the cbcid police today conducted an enquiry in the neet exam coaching centre run by the mediator joseph in thiruvananthapuram .
it is said that joseph has been involved in impersonation scams in a large scale in the name of neet exam coaching centre .
hence doctor venkatesan the father of udit surya approached joseph easily .
also the cbcid police have been inspecting the documents in the coaching centre of joseph .
byelections for the vacant nanguneri and vikravandi constituencies in tamil nadu are to be held on 21st of next month october .
dmk contests in vikravandi constituency nanguneri is given to their ally in congress .
the general secretary of indian national congress and the tamil nadu in charge mukul vasnik announced the name of the congress candidate contesting in nanguneri, last night .
ruby manoharan age 60 the president of kanchipuram north district is being announced as the candidate .
ruby manoharan is a native of marayapuram near marthandam in kanyakumari district .
he served in indian air force for 15 years, and is now running a construction company in chennai .
as a special event for the 141st birthday of periyar, letter reformation book was donated to 535 malaysian government tamil schools .
a book titled letter reformation of periyar was introduced in bukhitporundung and menthagob farm government tamil schools .
and this book will be sent to 535 tamil schools functioning in tamilnadu in phases .
in the first phase, these books were sent to 150 tamil schools functioning in bakang district and silangur district .
more than 50 thousand students are studying in these schools .
and more than 7 thousand teachers are working .
this book provided a best opportunity for the students studying here and the teachers to know about the service done by periyar for tamil language .
during the releasing ceremony of the book mgovindhasamy delivered a speech explaining the editorial of drkveeramani .
during this event chinnaiya was felicitated with periyar volunteer award .
kk raman, a poet and a former tamil school principal and periyar kkraman read a poem about periyar .
it is noteworthy that poet shanmugam from thaiping was awarded with rational poet award also .
there were revolutionary movements before and after bagat singh .
but it is not just an appreciation that bagat singh and his comrades have given a new evolution and a clear ideology to revolutionary movements and through that to indian politics .
today we can sense a feeling among people that revolutionists are blindfolded and don’t care for the lives of the people .
the period of bagat singh shows us their humanity and clear thoughts and capacity .
the name of bagat singh became popular in india after the incident of bombing assembly in april 1929 .
but in tamilnadu he became popular among the public after some time in 1930 .
but within a year of introduction his fame spread so quickly even in the nook and corners of tamilnadu .
this is something amazing in history, none of the north indian born leaders including gandhi gained fame in a very short time in tamilnadu .
periyar is the reason behind this .
an editorial titled bagat singh was published in kudiyarasu weekly just after a week of killing of bagat singh .
the editorial appreciated many characters of bagat sngh and also put forth few ideas about the political situation during that period .
excerpts of that editorial .
“if bagat singh was determined that his objectives and the path chosen by him to achieve them is correct, we are sure that he was supposed to act accordingly and if he had not acted so, then we can not call him as a great personality .
so we can now call him as a real man .
it is our strong opinion that india is really in need of the policies of bagat singh .
bagat singh would not have gained such fame if he was not executed .
also we would further say that if bagat singh had not been executed that would have aided the principles of gandhi further .
bagat singh, who would have burnt to ashes after dying due to a disease uselessly got a chance to die usefully showing a path of real equality and peace not only to the people of india but also to the people of the whole world .
we appreciate bagat singh generously that this immortality not easily endowed on everyone .
thus periyar has mentioned in the editorial of the magazine kudiyarasu .
meanwhile, a policeman who was on guard in the school where this incident took place, arrested a girl for kicking a teacher .
the hands of the girl were tied with a plastic tag, and she was taken in a police car to the juvenile assessment centre there her photo was taken with a name board bearing her name, as is normal procedure for criminals .
copies of her finger prints were also recorded .
later, this was reported to the girl’s family and she was handed over to them .
it was not known whether he took another child to the police station .
the grandmother kirkland who consented to disclose the identity of the girl, kaya roll, during her interview to the media, said “my granddaughter, who is suffering from ‘sleep apnea’ sometimes behaves like this due to the effects of her medication .
i was very shocked when i was told that she was arrested for this, it will be very tough for any 6 year old child to explain and understand this .
due to rain and floods in uttar pradesh, 73 persons have died in 4 days the meteorological department has given a red alert in most districts east of uttar pradesh .
in bihar’s capital patna, most of the places have been flooded from rain during the last four days, rail and road transport were disrupted .
due to heavy rain in the state of bihar, many trains were cancelled this morning .
yesterday, the chief minister of the state conducted a meeting via video conference .
all the schools were ordered to be closed until tuesday .
there has been heavy rain in uttarakhand, jammukashmir, rajasthan and madhya pradesh, and many have died in these states due to rain related incidents in the past few days .
uttar pradesh received over 3 percent more rain than normal on friday .
the eastern part of the state is badly affected .
yesterday, pragyaraj received 425mm rain and varanasi received 62mm rain .
this is above the average rainfall for this year .
in various parts of the state 26 people died yesterday .
47 people died during the previous 2 days .
lucknow, amethi, harday, and other districts were surrounded by floods due to heavy rain .
the chief minister yogi adityanath has ordered the district collectors and regional commissioners to take all necessary safety measures .
during the past two days, 6 people died in rajasthan and in madhya pradesh .
three students died as the wall of a government building collapsed in udaipur in rajasthan .
on friday, 3 people including a police constable died in rajasthan .
their bodies were found at a distance of one kilometre from the incident spot .
a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector was released on the 24th .
michael sheyder is the leader of the group that prepared the report .
according to it, the nuclear energy sector, which accounted for 1746 percent of the world’s energy needs in 1996, decreased to 1015 percent in 2018 .
this decline showed that the countries in the world have gone beyond nuclear energy, towards energy that is renewable, and can be used for a long term .
nuclear energy has been pushed back and renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power are gaining a foothold all over the world .
every year many bodies come together and release a report regarding the state of the world nuclear energy sector .
according to the statement released this year, the nuclear energy sector is declining all over the world .
the statement remarks that that the indian nuclear energy sector is also in a bad condition .
bill gates honoured indian prime minister modi by presenting the global goalkeeper for implementing clean india mission .
the indian government led by prime minister modi has announced and implemented the “clean india” scheme .
this scheme was introduced in 2014 on 2102014, the birthday of mahatma gandhi .
the objective of this scheme is to build bathrooms in houses, construct public toilets and creating solid waste management .
more than 10 crore worth of bathrooms have been built under this scheme, throughout the nation .
rural health care is being brought to 98 percent of the villages .
it was announced that modi will be awarded the global goalkeeper award on behalf of the bill and melinda gates foundation as a token of appreciation of this scheme .
in this scenario, the prime minister who was touring the united states was presented the global goalkeeper award today .
the world’s richest man, bill gates honoured modi by presenting the award in a meeting of the un security council .
the receiver of the award, prime minister modi, in his speech told that mahatma gandhi’s dream of cleanliness has now come true .
modi also said that he dedicates the award to crores of indians who accomplished clean india mission and also made it as a part of their lives .
modi pointed the words of world health organisation that more than 3 lakh people have been saved from various diseases by the clean india mission .
the present rain and floods has created a disastrous situation resulting in the spread of diseases, the ministry of health has announced .
the ministry of health has advised to avoid stepping into water bodies unnecessarily .
the disastrous situation caused by severe rains in several districts has abated, and people should be careful of this, the ministry of health said .
cases of children and old people getting hospitalised after being affected by the floods have increased .
therefore, the chief medical officer of risk management division hemanth herath, has requested those who are affected to be more careful regarding healthcare .
the ministry of education has released a media statement regarding the vacation leave of teachers and principals .
the statement released by the ministry of education says that suggestions and recommendations are being initiated to solve pay anomalies in the service of teachers and principals .
with the recommendations of the panel to solve pay anomalies of government services ready to be implemented from the first of january next year, to increase the salary of all staff including teachers and principals, the nonavailability of teachers and principals to their service on sick leave, based on the their pay anomalies is very unjust, the ministry of education has said .
it is the right of employees to engage in union activities .
though this is not challenged, being cheated by the opportunistic activities of the union that project the pay hike as a victory for their activities, even after knowing about their pay hike is not suitable for intelligent and dignified professions like teachers and principals .
the education minister sattatharani akilaviraj kariyavasam said in the parliament last july that the salary of teachers and principals is set for a massive increase in 2015, and this amount will be increased by 106 percent and such an increase in pay would be an action undertaken by any government .
the minister also said in parliament on the 7th of june, that the ministry of education has submitted suggestions and recommendations regarding the pay anomalies of teachers and principals, to ranukke panel appointed regarding the general pay anomalies in government services .
the allowance for principals has been increased from rs650 to rs6,500 .
the promotions that were delayed from the start of 2015 are being initiated properly now .
the procedure to obtain the pension is being prepared and implemented .
in order to rescue the presidential service from politics and to solve the deficiencies in the standards of principals in that service, a competitive exam was conducted and around 6,000 people were inducted in the service .
during a short term duration of four and a half years activities including providing opportunity for teachers and principals to be trained in foreign, induction of 25,000 persons in teacher service were implemented .
the media statement released by the ministry of education has today further informed that these are initiated as the objectives for the development of human resources in education department .
there was a complaint regarding a chennai student about passing the neet exam by impersonating and securing admission to theni medical college .
subsequently, this case was transferred to cbcid .
following this, udit surya absconded along with his parents .
in this scenario, a special team caught udit surya, his father venkatesan, and his mother kayalvizhi in the tirupathi foothills .
a goa court has indicted bjp mla atanasio monserrate on the basis of a complaint regarding the rape of a girl .
atanasio was charged with complaint of raping a 16 year old girl .
last year, the police department submitted a 250 page charge sheet against him at the north goa district court .
the trial of this case will start on october 17 .
currently atanasio is a member of panaji assembly constituency .
his age is 55 the incident is alleged to have taken place in 2016, when the age of the girl was 16 .
the girl said that he had raped her by giving her drugs and that her mother had sold her to atanasio for rs50 lakhs .
it should be noted that atanasio who was arrested in 2016, is currently on bail .
pakistan occupied kashmir was affected the most by the earthquake that struck yesterday evening with its centre in pakistan .
around 25 people died there .
more than 400 people were injured .
pakistan officials informed that an earthquake measuring 58 in the richter scale struck yesterday evening and had its centre in pok, there was a minimum of 25 deaths including women and children and around 400 persons were injured and many of them sustained severe injury .
the american geological survey has informed that the earthquake had its centre at the border separating punjab and pakistan occupied kashmir, 223 kilometer to the north of the river jhelum .
the earthquake was centered around 10 km .
it was felt in most places of punjab and few places of khyber pakhtunkhwa .
however, the “worst damage is in the mirpur district of kashmir occupied,” said the chief meteorologist of pakistan, mohammed riaz .
since the epicenter of the earthquake was near river jhelum, it has created a disaster in the regions lying between jatlan and khari sharif and hundreds of houses, vehicles and other infrastructure were damaged, said the commissioner of mirpur mohammed dayab .
he said that 12 persons died on the way the main hospital in mirpur and at the same time 13 persons died in various villages between jatlan and khari sharif .
150 persons who are wounded are being treated at dhq hospital .
many were sent to rawalpindi for further treatment .
mobile phone, telephone service and electricity supply was cut off in rural areas .
because of this people were unable to either contact their near ones or obtain help .
election king padmarajan has filed his nomination to the election officer for contesting in the nanguneri byelection .
padmarajan who belongs to veerakkaval pudhur village in mettur, has run in the election against many leaders such as vajpayee, manmohan singh, jayalalitha, karunanidhi and rajasekara reddy .
in the election for the president he has run against abdul kalam, pranab mukherjee, and ramnath govind .
he has spent rs32 lakhs of his own money for the deposit that is made while filing the nomination .
don’t consider him a rich person by these deeds, he just belongs to middle class .
in this scenario he contests in the byelection for the nanguneri assembly constituency and he filed his nomination to the election officer natesan, yesterday .
he says that he is running for election in nanguneri for the 206th time, and his goal is to enter the guinness book of records, rather than actually winning .
he says that his name is already in the limca book of records, and once his name is included in the guinness book of records, he will stop competing in elections .
this election king, padmarajan, is the holder of the record for the most number of election losses in india .
vikram lander collided heavily against moons floor nasa releases photo evidence .
lroc orbiter of nasa has sent the photos of the spot where vikram lander of chandrayaan2 made a crash landing in the southern pole of moon .
vikram lander of the space ship chandrayaan2 sent by isro landed in the south pole region of the moon on last 7th .
but communication with it was lost in the last minute .
it was considered that the fast crash landing of vikram lander instead of a soft landing on moons surface may have damaged it and the communication may be lost .
in this scenario, lroc orbiter of nasa crossed the south pole region on the moon on the 17th of last month .
during that time it filmed the valley between the ridges symphalius n and mansinus c in a sophisticated method and has sent them .
examination of these pictures confirms that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
hence it is seen at a distance from the place of landing .
regarding this deputy project director of nasas lroc said, “lroc orbiter crossed the south pole region of moon on last 17th .
it has sent the photos that were taken during the evening darkness .
upon examining them it was obvious that vikram lander has made a crash landing .
however, the landing site of vikram lander cannot be found accurately .
lroc will cross the south pole region again on the 14th of next month .
since there will be more light during that time, there are more chances to film vikram lander,” he told .
the ideology of modi and american president trump are the same .
modi is campaigning for us president trump without caring about economy .
in the rule of central bjp the concept of federal governance is being questioned, accused sitaram yechuri in a conference held in pudhuchery .
the marxist communist party conducted a seminar titled state rights and antipeople bills in kamban auditorium pudhuchery .
the all india general secretary of marxist communist party sitaram yechuri participated and delivered a special lecture .
in his lecture in the seminar he said the campaign of bjp mentioning one nation, one culture, one election, and one education system has questioned the plurality of india .
if you reject the antidemocratic stand of the government you may be branded antiindian and arrested .
an amendment for law has been made .
he accused that human rights violations are taking place to the extent of calling you as a terrorist for criticizing bjp or posting in social media and being sent to prison and also said that there is an economic crisis in the country .
because the buying power of the people is very low .
but the government has donated 2 lakh crores to rich owners .
everyone should take part in the agitation against this antipeople government that will be held from october 1016 .
continuing his speech he said, the prime minister is campaigning for trump without caring about the nation and economy .
when an actor came from bangladesh for campaigning, the indian government blocked it .
but modi has gone to america and has campaigned for the return of trump as the president .
thus modi has confirmed that the ideology of both is the same .
the concept of federal governance is being questioned in the rule of bjp in the center .
the promises made in the constitution are being spoiled, alleged sitaram yechuri .
balakrishnan, the tamilnadu state secretary of marxist communist party, pudhuchery district secretary rajangam and other leaders participated in the conference .
the minister of agriculture, rural economic affairs, livestock development, irrigation and fisheries, and aquatic resources development department pherison has said that compensation for all farmers who are enrolled in the agricultural insurance board and that have paid the insurance installment, will be paid within 2 weeks .
the agricultural insurance board has issued an advisory regarding this .
3,000 farmers of the ambarai, monarakalai and athimalai regions who have paid the insurance installment will be paid compensation for production loss .
the minister made this clear during a discussion in the meeting that was held in the auditorium of the ministry of rural economy .
the postal voting for the elpitiya regional council election, to be held on the 11 of next month, will now be held tomorrow .
the president of the election commission, mahinda desapriya, has said that those who are unable to cast their votes tomorrow will have the chance to cast their votes through the post on the 4th of next month .
facilities for this have been made at the galle district election office .
one has to carry their national identity card or the identity card permitted by the election commission .
two libraries and one centre opened on the birthday of periyar in malaysia .
pahang district, mentakab gardens .
around 100 students are studying in this tamil school founded in 1928 .
on 1792019 periyar library was opened here by govindhasamy, president of farm administrators saba and worker in the dravidian movement .
msuma the headmistress of this school, presided over the event .
members of the school’s administrative board, parent teachers association, teachers, students and periyar workers avudayar, raman, chinnaiah participated in this event .
flavoured drinks and fruits were served to students .
periyar’s books were donated to the teachers and students of the school .
bukitraja gardens, killan city .
around 160 students are studying in the tamil school here .
periyar centre was opened here .
around 500 books were donated to the centre .
msmallika palaniyandi, the headmistress of the school presided over the event .
periyar workers and comrades of dravida kazhakam took part in the event .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
books of periyar were donated to teachers .
kadong gardens, banding city .
there are around 100 students and 15 teachers at this school .
the function was held in the presence of the assistant headmistress of the school mrskanagam .
periyar library was opened on 2392019 with over 400 donated books .
flavoured drinks were served to students .
periyar books were gifted to teachers .
the above events were excellently arranged by m govindhasamy .
it is notable that lectures about periyar and his works were delivered in these three schools .
as a continuation of tamil leader drveeramani, an explanation of the periyarism works is given in all the events .
the candidate of the left democratic alliance, mani ckappan has won kerala’s pala assembly constituency byelection .
km mani was a part of congress alliance though he started a new party after splitting from congress .
km mani is a politician who has never lost an election in the political history of kerala .
km mani who served as a central minister and a minister in various departments of kerala, died in last april .
hence the byelection was announced for pala assembly constituency .
the election for this constituency was held on 23rd of last month .
mani ckappan ran as the candidate of left front, jose tom pulikkunnel as the candidate of congress alliance, and kottayam hari ran as the candidate of bjp in this constituency .
the votes polled in this election were counted this morning .
the left candidate mani c kappan received 54,137 votes and won the election .
his opponent from congress alliance received 51,194 votes .
mani ckappan the left front candidate, won by a margin of 2,943 votes .
kottayam hari who ran as the bjp candidate received 18,044 votes .
during the 2016 election, bjp received 24,821 votes in this constituency .
bjp has now lost 6,000 votes due to the byelection .
for the past 54 years, congress alliance has dominated in pala constituency .
now the left has put an end to this domination .
there may be severe rains in the coastal areas from batticaloa to maththarai due to the low pressure system in the southwest of the country .
there may be showers with clouds or thunder showers in the regions beyond the coast from kangesanthurai and trincomalee to batticaloa .
there may be isolated rains or rain with thunder in the other coastal areas of the country during the evening or night .
in the coastal areas of the country, there will be winds from the southwest direction with speeds of 10km to 30km per hour .
during these thundery showers, wind speeds will temporarily increase from 7080 kms per hour .
the department of meteorology has mentioned in its weather report for coastal areas today that in such instances, the sea will be especially turbulent .
in a meeting conducted in new york, united states, prime minister modi insisted that india should be added as a member of the nuclear suppliers group of countries .
prime minister modi is on a 7 day government trip to the united states .
prime minister modi will speak at the un annual general council meeting tomorrow .
he is taking part in various programs and meeting world leaders in connection with this .
as part of that, he met the american president donald trump in the howdy modi event in houston, united states .
the leaders of the two countries discussed various affairs including their bilateral relationship, industry, trade, defence, global issues and the kashmir issue .
subsequently, many ceos of american companies participated in the meeting of the bloomberg world trade forum meeting in new york yesterday .
prime minister modi took part in this and spoke as follows .
producing fuels using nuclear power is still a challenge for india .
the reason is that india is not a member of the nuclear suppliers group .
india will serve as an example for the whole world, if given this chance .
thus prime minister modi spoke .
most of the world’s nuclear trade is controlled by the nuclear suppliers group .
to become a member of this group, india is continuously taking many steps .
though the united states and other countries supported india’s entry, china objected to this, citing india has not signed the nuclear proliferation treaty .
however, it should be noted that on march, 6 american companies announced the setting up of nuclear reactors in india .
burial urn found near pallipalayam .
electricity board staff dug a pit on september 26th for erecting an electric pole in bharathi nagar in kokkarayanpettai, pallipalayam in namakkal district .
a pot was found during the excavation .
upon further excavation, it was found as burial urn .
bones were seen inside .
upon receiving this information, people from the revenue department arrived at the location and collected the bones in the urn .
regarding this, the people in the area were told, “ kokkarayanpettai is located in river side .
hence, more historical symbols can be found if the archaeology department conducts further investigations” .
the all indian council for technical education aicte, the higher body for technical education, is involved in updating and upgrading the syllabus of engineering studies periodically .
higher education institutions for engineering studies follow the syllabus framed by aicte .
the syllabus for the colleges affiliated with anna university is framed by the university administration .
as per the guidelines released by aicte in june 2019, it has instructed the students admitted to engineering studies to opt for 3 subjects out of 32 noncurriculum options, to be studied in the 3rd, 4th, and 5th semesters .
the list had 32 subjects such as technical education in society, values and ethics, ethics and best lifestyle, documentation of photos and videos .
the students enrolled in the first year at anna university campus colleges, such as college of engineering, guindy, school of architecture and planning, alagappa college of engineering and madras institute of technology in chrompet, selected the course wise optional subjects .
among them, btech information technology students selected philosophy among the 12 available subjects .
in the 5th unit of philosophy under the title “knowledge is power”, things told in the bhagavad gita in connection with realising our power, the teachings of lord krishna to arjuna in the bhagavad gita, for controlling our thoughts is being included in syllabus .
meanwhile, there is a severe opposition in tamil nadu to the sudden introduction of the bhagavad gita in the syllabus by anna university .
leaders including the leader of dravidar kazhagam and editor kveeramani, dmk leader mkstalin, teachers, student federations, writers and various parties all condemned this, saying that it was against secularism, and that this planned introduction of religious matters into the syllabus was irrational .
to protest against anna university for suddenly making the bhagavad gita into a lesson, it was announced that a protest will be conducted near anna university by the student wing of the dmk on october 1 .
his objective is to embrace all with equal status .
the minister for the department of housing and construction culture sajit premadasa has informed that his objective is to embrace all people irrespective of race, caste, political party .
during the press conference held at colombo yesterday .
he also said, based on this a declaration of democratic policy that would make the mother land proud will be released soon .
there is no expectation to strengthen the executive power .
he also said that none of the relatives are working in his ministry or any of its subsidiaries .
the minister sajit premadasa pointed that those involved in corruption will not be allowed to join the presidential election campaign or in the political journey .
dmk high command has nominated 68 mlas in field for vikravandi byelection duty .
byelection for both vikaravandi and nanguneri constituencies are to be held on october21 .
in these constituencies dmk and congress contests against aiadmk in vikravandi and nanguneri respectively .
since aiadmk will give a tough fight in vikravandi constituency with the support of pmk, it is said that the dmk president stalin has devised various strategies, in discussion with the district secretary ponmudi .
the number of dmk mlas is 100 among them 68 mlas have been nominated in charge of vikravandi byelection by the dmk high command .
32 mlas belonging to the southern states alone are exempted .
they were also being requested to support congress in nanguneri constituency .
ponmudi has been appointed as the president of election working committee and jagathratchagan mp has been appointed as the secretary .
others including aangayarkanni, salem selvaganapathi, and aks vijayan were also appointed .
further, 10 mps were employed in byelection work .
during the election that was held only for velur constituency after parliamentary election, the dmk high command did not depute any mps for the election work .
then stalin advised them to carry on their works as usual .
now they were also given an assignment .
cbi raids the house of former bengaluru police commissioner .
cbi is conducting a search operation in the house of former bengaluru police commissioner in connection with tapping the phones of political personalities .
after the collapse of the kumarasamy led government in karnataka, bharatiya janata came to power .
yeddyurappa was sworn in as the chief minister .
in this scenario, the audio conversation of baskar rao, who was appointed as the bengaluru police commissioner, featuring a political personality for the post of commissioner was released, and created a stir .
bharatiya janata party complained about phone tapping during the kumarasamy regime .
bharatiya janata leaders were continuously complaining about the telephone tapping of more than 300 persons including the coordinator of the bharatiya janata coalition government sidhdharamaiah, his assistants, and few leaders of secular janata dal, mlas, and higher officials .
the leaders of this party insisted that a proper inquiry should be conducted and action should be taken regarding this .
also, many personalities including the senior congress leaders mallikarjun karge, siddharamaiah, and former minister for police mppatil insisted on an inquiry regarding this .
in his explanation, kumarasamy has said that none of the telephones were tapped and the complaint regarding this is not true, and that he is ready for any type of inquiry .
this telephone tapping has taken karnataka politics by storm .
in this scenario, the chief minister yeddyurappa recommended a cbi inquiry in connection with this .
the cbi has filed a case and is conducting an inquiry .
cbi officials conducted a sudden search in the house of former police commissioner alekkumar, in bengaluru .
this search was conducted based on information that he had stored the data regarding the tapping of phones of political personalities in a pen drive .
whether that pen drive is rescued or not will be known only after the search is over .
prime minister narendra modi gave a speech in the united nations general council today on behalf of india .
during his speech he made scathing attacks against terrorism .
during his speech he reminded india is a land where saints like buddha, vivekananda and kaniyan poonkundranar lived .
modi said our country has given buddhas message of peace of buddha to the world, not the war .
hence we are always raising our voice against terrorism .
we also warn the world to be free from the clutches of terrorism .
famous poet kaniyan poonkundranar who lived before 3000 years in india has sung, “world is one, all are relations” in tamil, the worlds ancient language .
it means all the places are connected to us .
and the people of the whole world are our relatives .
this is the uniqueness of india .
we don’t consider terrorism as threat to india alone .
we consider this as a threat to the whole world, against humanity .
hence the whole world must rally against terrorism .
the great spiritual leader swami vivekananda delivered this message to the world during the world religions conference held in chicago 125 years ago .
that message is, “peace and harmony alone is the need .
and not the differences of opinion .
today, i also put forth the same on behalf of the largest democracy in the world .
our message to the world is ‘peace and harmony alone’ .
thus modi remarked in his speech .
sajith premadasa will compete in the sri lankan presidential election as the candidate of united national party .
the sri lankan president election is to be held on november 16 .
gotabaya rajapaksha is competing in this election as the candidate of sri lanka podujana peramuna .
parties including jvp have also announced their candidates .
there was prolonged confusion regarding the candidate of prime minister ranil’s united national party .
it is said that ranil wanted to compete in the president election .
similarly, there was news that the president maithribala sirisena is trying to compete as a common candidate .
it was ranil’s belief that he could garner tamil votes in case of contesting .
sirisena planned for an easy win by sending ranil to prison without allowing him to complete .
but both these plans failed .
now sajith premadasa is projected to be the candidate of united national party .
it should also be noted that sajith is the son of former president premadasa .
proving his strength by uniting his supporters, sajith has emerged as the presidential candidate .
while addressing a grand public meeting in kaluththurai, mathukama region yesterday sajith ferociously said i am not controlled by anyone, i have self respect .
he indirectly attacked ranil .
a reservation put forth by thanthai periyar is under threat in tamil nadu, remarked former minister and member of legislative assembly evvelu .
the birthdays of thanthai periyar and scholar anna were celebrated in the dhivya education institution, chetpet, on thursday .
the correspondent of the dhivya education institution, bselvarasan presided over the function .
the chief guest, former minister evvelu said .
during the rule of many kings including chera, chola, pandya, chalukya and krishnadeva raya, women were not told to study .
but it was only periyar who struggled for women’s education, improvement of their livelihood and equal rights in property .
scholar anna executed this .
following that path, in the rule of dmk leader kalaignar, women were given reservation and equal rights in property, samacheer kalvi, eligibility criteria and others .
thanthai periyar was the reason behind all these initiatives .
the policy of thanthai periyar is being threatened now .
while we are creating many doctors based on their qualification through samacheer kalvi, we are cheated in the name of neet, he said .
the event was held in the presence of the secretary of the education institution, senthil kumar, deputy president praveen kumar, and administrative advisor podhana praveen kumar .
member of bolur constituency kvsekaran, former mlas rajendran, pandurangan, saval poondi sundaresan, chetpet and dmk town secretary murugan spoke at the event .
the principal of the polytechnic college, murugan delivered the vote of thanks .
tamil nadu tourism development corporation hosted many competitions for students on world tourism day, during celebrations conducted at tamil nadu hotel in madurai .
the culinary artists of this hotel, together prepared 101 dishes and displayed them .
dishes made of millets, foods of the madurain region, varieties of rice dishes, gravies, vegetable curries, tiffins and sweets were prepared .
they also prepared north indian and foreign dishes .
it was said that all the variety of foods that are available in a normal hotel, to those of a five star hotel are available in the tamil nadu hotel .
infact protrainers and seek foundation jointly conducted a one day recruitment camp at jerusalem college, in pallikaranai, chennai .
more than 26 banks and non banking financial institutions took part in the event .
more than 7000 youths and students participated .
during his speech, the executive director of infact protrainers balaji said that he felt proud that the banking companies have said that more than 1500 youths have the chance to be selected .
we arranged this camp only for the benefit of unemployed graduate youths and students .
we have conducted this camp without getting any money from the students or from the companies .
it is our objective to conduct these camps continuously at various places and create a society of employed youth .
the 5th phase of excavation is underway at keezhadi in sivagangai district near madurai, on behalf of the tamil nadu archaeology department .
having said that, the excavation which started on 13 june and will be completed on september 30, is to be continued for an additional 15 days .
in this situation, the public, archaeology enthusiasts, and students from various parts of tamil nadu are visiting keezhadi .
minister mafa pandiyarajan has said that a museum will be set up to document the archaeological remains that are found in keezhadi .
he has said that the museum will be setup at an initial cost of 1 crore .
america has stressed to take necessary steps to ease restrictions in jammu kashmir and release all those in preventive detention .
in the 74th meeting of united nations, the deputy secretary for south and central asian affairs alice wells said .
the preventive detention of so many persons in jammu kashmir is worrying .
the indian government should start political activities in that state .
so elections should be held soon as promised .
the restrictions in jammu kashmir need to be eased and those who are detained should be released .
alice wells stressed that the indian government should take necessary steps for that soon .
earlier there was information that trump wants to mediate in jammu kashmir issue .
india strongly objected to this .
then america withdrew its opinion .
subsequently prime minister went to america to participate in united nations general council meeting .
at first modi and donald trump participated in howdy modi event in houston .
later they both attended many events jointly .
at that time, trump praised modi as the father of india .
in this situation, america has now pressurized india on the kashmir issue .
it has been decided in the meeting of the iit council to hike the fees by 10 times in all the technical education institutions throughout india .
technical education institutions called iit education institutions play an important role in creating skilled students all over india .
the meeting of iit council comprising the directors of iit education institutions that are functioning under the central human resources department was held on 2892019, headed by the cabinet minister ramesh pokhriyal .
the decision taken in that meeting has shocked the students and the public .
it has been decided to increase the fees for mtech in iit institutions by 10 times .
in all the iits in india a sum of rs20, 000 to rs50, 000 only is collected as tuition fee per semester .
now that fee has been increased up to rs2 lakhs per year .
in the academic year 20192020, out of the 12 thousand students studying first year, 9,280 students are qualified for scholarship it has also been decided to stop the monthly scholarship of 12,400 rupees that is being provided to mtech students .
the central government is going to reduce the fund that is being given to delhi, chennai, mumbai, karagpur, rourkee and guwahati iit institutions .
in order to face the deficit, the central government has increased the fees that are being collected from the students .
also it is said that these institutions are advised to take developmental works with the aid of the construction activities taken up by these technical education institutions and also it has been advised to obtain loans and to get financial aid from corporate companies .
since coming to power, bjp has been doing its level best to block the education that is being given to common men, in the budget for the year 2015 it reduced the fund for primary education, and subsequently it has been drastically reducing the fund for education in each budget .
following this, as a way of providing more facilities to private education institutions, it has been continuously granting permission for big shots to start education institutions .
in this scenario, without giving any importance to government education institutions in the new education policy, it has introduced various rules making the education institutions to function using the fund provided by private institutions .
through these steps it is involved in making only rich people be able to get education from primary level to higher education and making india an illiterate country in the future taking india back to many centuries .
the book “the art of cartoon” written by ranu, released by the editor of kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam was received by former ias officer karpura sundarapandiyan .
the publishing ceremony of the book “the art of cartoon” written by late “cartoonist” ranu alias skramanujam was held at russian cultural centre, chennai on sunday .
the secretary of indorussian trade corporation pthangappan presided over the function .
the author of the kalaimagal magazine keezhambur sankara subramaniam released the first copy of the book, and it was received by former ias officer and the president of siddhar research centre rkarpura sundarapandiyan .
the chief guest of the event karpura sundarapandiyan in his speech said .
late cartoonist ranu alias ramanujam was a legend among cartoonists .
ranu has created many students through cartoon research and the education foundation .
generally, a person who is celebrated throughout the world may not be a celebrity in his own family .
in contrary, it is a proud thing that the family of ranu has released his book after his death .
though ranu is dead, he will live for a long time through his creations and through this book .
in his speech, keezhambur sankara subramaniam said, skramanujam was a leading cartoonist in india .
he travelled throughout the world and trained students in drawing cartoons .
he was an innovative artist in creating cartoons .
ranu was not only an expert at drawing but also with cartoons and in the field of animation .
he researched the art of cartoon, according to the indian environment for the past 30 years .
he will live long through the students he has created and through his letters and cartoons .
the coordinator of ranu cartoon research and education foundation rboopathi delivered the vote of thanks .
many including nallathambi, television executive cperera participated in the function .
how many check dams were constructed in the 8 year admk rule, dmk has questioned the chief minister edappadi palanisamy .
in a statement released by the partys treasurer duraimurugan regarding this, he has criticized that the chief minister is blabbering without any knowledge about the public works department .
in his statement the dmk president duraimurugan has stated, the water released in cauvery is reaching the sea without uselessly due to the negligence and ineffective administration .
as a leader of the opponent party in the legislative assembly, our leader mkstalin has voiced his concern with responsibility that the admk government has no proper plans to save the water of cauvery on its way .
edappadi palanisamy, thinking of answering this question asked, “has the dmk party, who is criticizing us, built at least one check dam during their rule?” .
“what i want to tell him is, during the rule of our party we have constructed a check dam across cauvery at mayanur .
can a chief minister, who has public works department also with him, give wrong details without even knowing this detail? .
that check dam built in mayanur has improved the ground water level in that area .
so agriculture prospered .
so you can see that thousands of people belonging to farmer community from that area who are the beneficiaries even today are grateful to dmk forever .
the check dam was built in mayanur according to the need that arisen during at that time .
there was no need to build more check dams then .
had there been any need, the then chief minister would have given permission immediately, allotted money and initiated the works .
so edappadi is in no way qualified to criticize the party in caring about cauvery .
i am asking during the past eight year admk rule, how many check dams have you built across cauvery? .
another question during dmk ruling periods, we have constructed more than 40 check dams in tamilnadu .
can you refer to at least one dam as built during the previous admk regimes? .
don’t lie .
if you have any answer to the accusation of the opponent leader, show us with evidences about the places of construction or about the proposed plans .
leaving all these details and putting forth an unreal accusation that no check dams were built across cauvery during the dmk regime may be fine for edappadi personally but neither good nor a civilized act for the post that is being held by him, and it is my duty to remind him about this, said duraimurugan .
the state bank of india has decided to fix the interest based on the repo rates from 1st october .
the reserve bank of india has so far reduced the interest for short term lending repo by 11 percent in four instalments continuously, considering the economic growth of the country .
but there is a complaint that the banks did not even pass half of this benefit onto customers .
at present, banks are determining the interest based on mclr method .
the reserve bank has ordered the fixing of interest rates based on treasury bill and repo interest rate, released by the government for obtaining short term loans, from 1st october .
accordingly, the state bank of india sbi has announced that it has decided to fix housing, vehicle loans and sme loans based on the mclr rate as a scale .
the sri lankan administrative service association is deciding to suspend its union activities temporarily .
the president of the association, prabhath chandrakeerthi, said that this decision will be made following discussion with the the cabinet subcommittee tomorrow, and the receiving of application for postal voting for the presidential election .
based on this, he expressed hope that the administrative services, including the department of registration of persons, the emigration and immigration department, and the motor vehicle traffic commissioner department will all function as usual .
chandrakeerthi also said that the administrative service association expects a favourable outcome regarding their pay anomaly in talks with the ministerial sub committee in the cabinet meeting that is to be held this coming tuesday .
the cricket match between sri lanka and pakistan will be played today .
this is the first match of the one day match series between sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams, and it starts today in karachi .
this match is to start at 330pm sri lankan time .
this is the first cricket match between these two countries to be held in 10 years in pakistan .
the coach of the sri lankan team asantha d mel has expressed his satisfaction over the security arrangements being made for the sri lankan team in pakistan .
he also said that the sri lankan team has been provided a security detail like that of a government leader or equivalent .
three one day internationals and three t20 matches will be conducted between the sri lanka and pakistan cricket teams .
the international cricket council has appointed michael gough and yowilson as the umpires for the one day series .
the technical snag in the flight bound to malaysia was detected while in the runway .
174 passengers escaped with their lives, as the flight was halted subsequently .
malindo flight arrives in trichy everyday at 1035 pm from the malaysian capital kualalumpur .
then it departs to kualalumpur at 1125 pm from trichy .
as usual the flight arrived at trichy in the night of day before yesterday .
then the flight started with passengers to kualalumpur from trichy .
there were 174 passengers in the flight .
the pilot detected a technical fault in the eliminator of the plane while in the runway .
so he halted the flight in the runway .
then the flight was brought to the starting point in the airport and was halted .
engineers engaged in repairing the technical fault .
so the passengers were seated in the flight for two hours .
but as the technical fault was unable to be repaired, the passengers were made to exit from the plane .
subsequently 138 passengers were lodged in a private lodge .
other passengers either rescheduled their travel dates or cancelled their tickets and returned back to their homes .
if the plane had taken flight with technical fault, it would have resulted in an accident .
but due to the timely detection of the technical fault by the pilot, the plane did not fly .
so it is remarkable that all the 174 passengers escaped their lives .
in this scenario, the technical fault in the plane was repaired .
subsequently the flight departed to kualalumpur yesterday evening at around 5 pm with 138 passengers .
the indian health department has announced that more than 5 thousand people have been affected so far by dengue fever that spreads through ‘aedes’ mosquitoes .
in tamil nadu and pudhuchery, more than 1000 people have been affected by dengue fever so far .
dengue fever is spreading rapidly in tamil nadu and pudhuchery .
indian media have said that a 12 year old girl and a student in krishnagiri, died the day before yesterday .
in chennai govt hospitals, 135 people were admitted and are being treated .
it has been raining in various places in tamil nadu during the past few days .
so special teams have been formed by the municipal administration and health department throughout tamil nadu and dengue fever activities are monitored .
the country’s health department has also advised the dengue fever victims to get treatment in government hospitals .
the deadline to link aadhar with the pan number is extended until december 31 .
the deadline to link aadhar number with permanent income tax account number pan number has been extended till december 31 .
this is the seventh time that the central board of direct taxes cbdt has extended the deadline for linking panaadhar .
already, this deadline has been extended for 6 months from march 31 to september 30 .
now this duration has been extended for a further 3 months .
the unique identification authority of india uidai is providing each indian citizen with a 12 digit identification number called the aadhar number .
the income tax department is providing a 10 digit alphanumeric identification number called a permanent income tax account number pan number for tax paying individuals and companies .
the central board for direct taxes has made an announcement on 01 july 2017 to link the aadhar number with the income tax number .
the deadline to link aadharpan has been extended many times .
meanwhile, the supreme court which is investigating the case filed against providing the aadhar card to citizens, gave a judgment last september, declaring the aadhar scheme to be legal .
also, the supreme court made a ruling that the aadhar number is mandatory for paying income tax .
it was announced in the central budget on the 5th of last july, that using the aadhar number instead of the pan number when filing income tax would be sufficient .
dmk leader mk stalin today visited the keezhadi excavation sites that revealed the tamil culture in the banks of river vaigai .
the results of the keezhadi excavation revealed that the lifestyle told in ancient tamil literature is the life of the real tamils, and is not just fiction .
the urban civilisation in the banks of the river ganges started during 6th century bc .
but the tamils of the banks of the river vaigai in the south were at the peak of urban civilisation during 6th century bc tamils led a wealthy life with very high literacy and knowledge, and this was scientifically proven by evidence from the excavation .
the results of the keezhadi excavation have prompted a rewriting of the history of the indian subcontinent .
the public is visiting the keezhadi excavation sites, which is a symbol of pride to every tamilian .
recently, the chief coordinator of naam tamilar katchi seeman visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
following him, today the dmk leader, mkstalin visited the keezhadi excavation sites .
the cpm mp svenkatesan and many leading executives of dmk accompanied him .
in connection with this, stalin has uploaded a video of his visit to his twitter page under the title “while visiting the keezhadi sites that reminded the world about the tamil civilisation” .
trump wants the ukraine president to be investigated! .
the white house has confirmed the information released about donald trump’s telephone request to conduct an investigation of the former vicepresident joe biden, a probable presidential candidate of the democratic party .
an impeachment resolution is being proposed against trump by democrats in the house of representatives, citing such an action to initiate an inquiry against an american leader by pressuring another country is wrong .
regarding this, upon the order of the speaker of the house of representatives, nancy pelosi, 6 committees have been formed and an investigation is being initiated .
trump contacted the ukraine president volodymyr zelensky via phone on july 25 during that conversation trump asked him to conduct an investigation .
yesterday, the white house officially released a report regarding the conversation between the presidents of the two countries .
hence it is accepted that such a conversation is true .
meanwhile, during his interaction with the reporters after leaving a united nations meeting, trump said this was a friendly request .
there was no pressure on the ukrainian president .
but one notable issue in this is the sudden stopping of aid worth around 400 million dollars that is being given to ukraine by the american government .
that aid was later allocated .
the cadres of the democratic party see a connection between this and the conversation between trump and the ukrainian president .
hence, this incident is creating a storm in the american politics .
hunter, the son of joe biden was appointed as a paid board member of burisma holdings of ukraine in april, 2014 .
it is notable that this company is involved in natural gas exploration activities in crimea, a ukrainian peninsula annexed by russia .
an official enquiring a scam against burisma holdings was dismissed .
the republic party alleges that joe biden is behind this .
despite this, hunter biden continues to deny this charge of using his family connection to further his own professional benefit .
a government official trying to attack a journalist in the presence of school education minister sengottaiyan, has created a stir .
minister sengottaiyan inaugurated a drinking water project in tn palayam near gobi, erode district .
when the journalists were taking photos of him, the assistant executive engineer of tamil nadu water and drainage board, muthulingam, was interrupting them .
the reporters said “sir, please move to that side” .
he said “whom do you want to move, are you such a great man” and tried to attack the journalists .
minister sengottaiyan, upon discovering that he was under the influence of alcohol, ordered him to leave .
subsequently, higher officials chased muthulingam from the function .
however, more reporters staged a road blockade demanding departmental action against him .
when he learned about this, minister sengottaiyan contacted the higher officials of tamil nadu water and drainage board, and severely scolded them, asking how could they attend the function under the influence of alcohol .
also it is said that he has requested them to suspend muthulingam .
historical evidence to establish the fame of keezhadi was found out in the 5th phase of excavation, said minister pandiyarajan .
during his speech, after visiting in the presence of jayakanthan, the minister of khadi and village industries gbaskaran, the minister of tamil official language and tamil culture told the press .
the 5th phase of archaeological excavation is proving to be a turning point in the historical analysis of ancient tamil nadu .
the prosperity of keezhadi dates from 6 bc to 1 ad .
the evidence obtained in this study now shows urbanisation in the banks of the river vaigai .
the scientific estimation in the keezhadi excavation has dated the tamilbrami back a further 100 years this study has revealed that the tamil society was a literate community in 6 bc .
also the samples of 70 pieces of bone that were excavated in this study were sent for scientific analysis to deccan college, the masters and research institution .
these pieces of bone on classification during analysis were identified as oxen, buffalo, goat, wild boar, antelope and peacock .
this study shows that animals such as cow, buffalo, and goat were used in agriculture, and the scars found in the bone samples of antelope, goat and wild boar shows that these animals were used for eating .
the results of this analysis show that the ancient community which was primarily engaged in agriculture, also engaged in livestock farming .
the samples of roofing made of brick and limestone, and the coating of sheath wells, were being sent for analysis to velur technical university .
during the study, minerals such as silica sand, limestone, iron, aluminium and magnesium were found in each of these .
work is in progress to construct a museum in the prime location to preserve such rare findings and to make keezhadi to be useful for tamil scholars, students and the public .
furthermore, the 5th phase of excavation will be extended for two more weeks, and the works will be continued .
similarly, the state government will combine with the central government to carry out the 6th phase of archaeological excavation at four places during the next year, said the minister for tamil official language and tamil culture .
the manamadurai mla snagarajan, former member of parliament senthilnathan, assistant director of archaeology jeevanandam, guardian asaithambi, thiruppuvanam tahsildar raja and government officials, and many others participated in this event .
a glittering function was conducted on behalf of the andhra club by ashiana subham senior housing company with fashion show for the elderly, dance, song and celebration for the international day for the older persons .
a 92 year old granny gave a dance performance of the snake song and stunned everyone .
actress ambika, singer lreswari and poornima kumar gave prizes to ramanan couple, who was selected as the best elderly couple .
the events were organised by poornima kumar of virgo events .
businessman nalli kuppusamy chetti, actress ambika, singer lr eswari participated in the function and gave prizes and encouraged the elders who won in the competition .
15 grannies participated in the fashion show .
haripriya won the first prize .
sureka, radhika won the 2, 3 prizes respectively .
smart grandpas wore fashion dresses and marched .
manick won the first place and kannan won the 2nd place .
suzanne, kala and vanaja won the best dancing granny prize .
in the mr and mrs chennai competition, ramanan couple won first place and seenivasan balambal couples won second place .
the families of the elderly participated and encouraged them .
92 year old lalitha danced for the snake song and took everyone by surprise .
like women’s day and valentines day, older persons day should be celebrated in a grand manner said poornima kumar of virgo events .
labour commissioner muthumanickam participates in the international labour organisation meeting .
the international labour organisation is the only tripartite forum in the united nations .
throughout all the countries in the world the labour laws are framed only upon the basis of the traditions and recommendations of international labour organisation of the united nations .
a review of such traditions and recommendations will be held till the 27th in the campus of international labour organisation in geneva, switzerland .
this meeting will consult and discuss all the traditions and recommendations, and forward them to be referred by the administrative council .
the chief deputy labour commissioner of the ministry of central labour and employment muthumanickam has participated in this meeting as the representative of the indian government .
international labour unions, employers and governments from 187 countries are participating in this tripartite meeting .
a news release by the deputy chief labour commissioner said this is the first time that a deputy chief labour commissioner is being sent as the representative of india for such a job .
meanwhile, sachandrasekar, the father of actor and director vijay, came to tuticorin today via a flight from chennai, in order to participate in a program at nagarcoil in kanyakumari district .
he was asked about the vijay’s speech and the opposition of aiadmk .
in his reply he stated, “subasri lost her life as the banner fell on her while riding on a bike on the road .
everyone is talking about this incident .
vijay also spoke about a subject that everyone was talking about .
even the court had asked why the persons involved in subasri’s incident have still not been arrested .
in this scenario, it is not unknown why ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone,” he said when asked, “is vijay’s speech a sign of political entry?” .
he said “it doesn’t seem so for me .
and started saying, “let me go, it's urgent” .
the deputy chief minister opaneer selvam today inspected the flats of the tamilnadu slum clearance board located in valliswaran koil thottam, raja annamalaipuram, chennai and listened to the grievances of the public .
the 488 flats which were built during 197980 are in a severely damaged condition .
the deputy chief minister assured the residents that their demand to demolish the dilapidated flats and build new ones, will be accepted and works for construction of new flats will be started soon and completed .
the deputy chief minister informed that the old flats measuring 200 sqft will be demolished and new flats of 400 sqft with a bedroom, a reception hall, a kitchen, a bathroom and toilet will be built in an estimate of rs6789 under housing for all scheme .
he also informed that, with the quotations for this scheme finalized, the works for demolishing the existing flats and construction of new flats will be executed soon .
the deputy chief minister ordered the concerned officials of the slum clearance board and chennai municipality to keep this area clean and hygienic until then .
opaneer selvam said that so far 6 lakh houses have been constructed for homeless poor people and houses will be constructed for all before 2023 .
ravi mla and officials were present .
the carnatic music competition for young artists is held by the indira sivasailam foundation .
as a prelude to the indira sivasailam foundation annual music festival at the chennai music academy, the indira sivasailam foundation conducted a music competition named for the 7th year “anwesha quest for the best” .
the “anwesha bala vidwan” competition which was introduced in 2018, provides a platform for budding artists to exhibit their talent before judges from the famous “the music academy advanced school of carnatic music” and the awardees of the indira sivasailam foundation .
the participants of the anwesha bala vidwan competition are requested to upload their talent and skills in carnatic music via video format to the facebook page of the indira sivasailam foundation .
this year around 100 participants from tamil nadu, andhra, telengana, karnataka and kerala including a few participants from usa and middle eastern countries uploaded their material to participate .
the team of judges included professor ritha rajan, drrsjayalakshmi, the members of the teachers team of the music academy advanced school of carnatic music, and the recipient of this year’s indira sivasailam foundation medal, drbandhula .
apart from the vocal and musical instrument section for artists of age 1015 flute and violin, competitions for artists of ages 1620 have also been introduced this year .
the participants of all 3 categories in this event showcased their talents .
the details of the winners of the anwesha 2019 competition are as follows .
swathika, dhuruv spathangi and in the musical instrument category kamatchi ambathiputhi, aprameya seshadri are the winners .
rtshyam raghav won the vocal instrument category for artists of 1620 years .
the members of anwesha judges team were drbandhula rama, professor ritha rajan, dr rsjayalakshmi and sunita subramanian of the indira sivasailam foundation presented the prizes to the winners .
the visitors and participants who came to witness the event lauded the efforts of the indira sivasailam foundation that protects the art form of carnatic music .
an indian girl who fought against child marriage awarded with bill gates foundation award .
a 17 year old girl from rajasthan awarded with “change maker” award by bill gates foundation, for fighting against child marriage and child labor .
payal jankit 17 hails from hinsla village, 100 kms from jaipur in rajasthan district .
she seriously campaigned against the system of child marriage and child labor that was prevalent in her village .
she made this campaign in a few villages near her village also .
so many child marriages were stopped in that area .
to honor this act bill and melinda gates foundation has announced her award .
in this scenario, the award ceremony was conducted on tuesday night at new york, america .
payal jankit received the award from deputy general secretary amina jmohammed .
in her speech after receiving the award payal said, “there were many problems in our village .
particularly, girl child will not be sent out for studies .
they will be married at a very young age .
my family decided to marry me also at a very young age .
at that time, i approached a social activist and pacified my father .
subsequently, we conducted many rallies, agitations against child marriage and requesting girl child to be sent to school .
we went door by door and created awareness about this among all .
parents should create an opportunity for each child to enhance their lives” .
a period of public amnesty has been announced again in jordan .
the embassy of jordan has announced that this period of public amnesty which started on september 22, will be in force until november 29, the bureau of foreign employment has said .
during this amnesty period, foreign employees who went to jordan on a business visa and have stayed beyond the stipulated time, can return to the country without paying any fine .
however, foreigners who travelled on tourist visas and are staying beyond the stipulated period illegally, can leave after paying a fine, the embassy of jordan has said .
such a public amnesty period had been announced last february in jordan for foreigners who were illegally staying there, requiring them to leave the country .
is bjp indulging in caste politics to gain a foothold in tamil nadu? .
being unable to make its lotus blossom in tamil nadu after so many unsuccessful attempts, it is said that bjp is finally indulging in caste politics .
during the first tenure of modi as prime minister, lotus was in a position to be searched in tamil nadu .
twice during the justconcluded mp election, amit shah said sternly “i won’t care about what you may do lotus must blossom in tamil nadu” .
but it lost in all 5 constituencies it had contested .
although the whole nation supported bjp, there is still an antibjp wave in tamil nadu .
triple talaq, the kashmir problem, enforcing hindi, and one nation one language problems were above all these .
all these problems have added to the woes of the party .
hence it is said that bjp high command is very angry with the tamil nadu bjp executives, and there is a problem with even the state president not being nominated .
however, bjp is planning to gain a stronghold in tamil nadu at any cost, before the upcoming elections .
from direct field reports, it seems that the bjp high command has almost reached a decision .
accordingly there is a thought among the people of nadar, vanniyar and devendra kula velalar communities, that these people are not given required importance by both admk and dmk .
so they are upset with the dravidian parties, it is said .
bjp has cleverly started playing this card .
it is said that it has decided to honour each community by granting a post .
the appointment of tamilisai soundararajan as the telengana governor is such a move .
similarly, it is said that the bjp government is giving importance to nadars in higher posts in isro .
it is true that this action of bjp to honour each community will make the people of that community feel proud and happy .
also, this caste politics will reward bjp with what it cannot achieve by other means .
at the same time, with tamil nadu already being spoiled by caste politics, it is not known if these activities of bjp will further fan the flames .
incase the caste feelings are fanned further, bjp will lose even the smallest gains it has made so far! .
drunkard kills a laborer near villupuram .
a laborer was killed using a sickle in a case of pre existing animosity in valavanur, villupuram .
tension prevailed as the subinspector who went to catch the culprit was also attacked .
thanigairaj 28 is the son of pichaikaran of kengarampalayam colony at valavanur near villupuram .
he was a laborer .
ayyanar 33 is the son of kasinathan from the same area .
these two often engaged in disputes and confrontations in that area in an inebriated state .
there were cases on these two in valavanur police station also .
in this scenario, the tender coconut seller ayyanar, used to threaten people regularly with a sickle used to cut tender coconuts, during night times in an inebriated state .
in this aspect, after consuming alcohol on saturday evening and he was threatening the passersby in kengarampalayam colony area with the sickle .
during that time due to pre existing animosity ayyanar went to the house of thanigairaj and picked up a quarrel with him .
in the ensuing clash, he suddenly attacked thanigairaj with the sickle used to cut tender coconuts .
thanigairaj who fell in a pool of blood died in the spot .
subsequently, he was roaming in the road, chasing people with the sickle .
on knowing the information valavanur subinspector manikandan and other police rushed to the spot and tried to catch him .
subinspector manikandan sustained injury in his hand while he was attacked at that time .
immediately he was admitted in a private hospital and received treatment .
subsequently, police chased down ayyanar and took him to the police station .
on knowing about the incident, villupuram dsp jsankar, valavanur police inspector nandagopal and other police rushed to the spot and conducted investigation, surveying the spot .
police security was provided as the killing in kengarampalayam created fear in the pondicherry border area .
upon complaint about this incident, valavanur police have registered a death case and arrested ayyanar and are investigating .
road safety awareness campaign rally was conducted by new prince sri bhavani arts and science college at medavakkam near chennai and chennai corporation traffic police department madipakkam traffic police circle .
the director of new prince sri bhavani arts and science college, mprabakaran welcomed all .
the function was held in the presence of senior principal vkarunanidhi, principal vuma devi, and vice principal amadhiyapaes pacheli .
the vicepresident of the prince educational group lnaveen prasad presided over the function and opened the road safety awareness camp .
the madipakkam traffic police inspector sivasankaran participated as the chief guest and flagged off the awareness rally and delivered a special lecture, distributing the guideline manual to the students .
in his speech he told that the importance of the rules of road should start with the students, because the parents and this society are dependent on them .
the youth are the most affected in road accidents, and to avoid accidents, awareness programs like this must be conducted .
traffic rules need to be followed by everyone, not for the sake of avoiding fines, but to safeguard your precious lives .
students must wear a helmet while riding two wheelers and should never use a mobile phone while driving a vehicle .
students should drive vehicles only after learning to drive properly .
drivers should provide enough cooperation to the traffic police .
if every college regularly monitors students following traffic rules, the invaluable lives of students can be saved .
the future of the country is in the hands of the youth, and it is the essential duty of traffic police and the public to safeguard the youth .
subinspector ravikumar, head constables kandeepan, seenivasan, thiyagarajan also took part in this camp .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile .
today is the 42nd anniversary of the death of professor senaha vibile who was the pioneer of the national medicine policy .
he was killed under mysterious circumstances in the guyana islands .
he was the first professor in the country in the department of medicine .
professor vibile worked as the first dean of the faculty of medicine at peradanai university .
he revealed the actions taken by the multinational medicine companies for the sale of medicines and was subjected to various pressures from these vendors .
the loss faced by the government due to the import of drugs under various names amounts to crores of rupees .
he made the government aware of the need for a national drug policy .
he worked towards giving 335 types of essential medicines to patients at a reasonable price and of the highest quality .
due to his activities like this, he was subjected to the hatred of the multinational companies .
the mystery surrounding his death has not yet been solved .
the prime minister narendra modi didn’t say a single word regarding the kashmir issue during his speech at the united nations assembly today .
the 74th session of the united nations assembly is currently in progress .
prime minister narendra modi spoke on behalf of india today .
during his speech he called on the nations of the world to unite against terrorism .
during his speech he quoted lines of the tamil poet kaniyan poonkundranar “the world is one, all are relations” .
modi proudly said that the contribution of india in global warming is moving towards a solution, and said that india is contributing less to global warming and giving more solutions .
the government of india is taking serious initiatives to make india free of plastics .
he also said that a large scale health insurance plan is being implemented in india .
modi quoted the nice lines ‘world is one, all are relation’ in tamil .
but he did not refer to jammu kashmir at any point during his speech .
the reason for this is the strong determination of the central government that jammu kashmir is an internal problem of india .
with pakistan wishing to make it an international issue, modi has intentionally avoided any words about jammu kashmir, say political observers .
this has sent a message to the countries of the world that kashmir is an internal issue of india .
in a literacy test conducted in kerala, 2,993 tribal people have passed .
an 85 year old elderly woman has also passed in this exam .
as per the 2011 census, 9391 of the people in kerala are literate .
kerala government is taking efforts to make it 100 .
the state literacy commission was formed for this purpose .
this commission is conducting classes and exams in each district to increase literacy .
importantly, this commission is taking serious steps to provide literacy to tribal people, fishermen and migrant workers .
classes for providing literacy to the tribal dominated area in vayanad district were conducted from last february and exams were conducted recently .
this exam was conducted for 100 marks 30 marks were allotted for competency in reading, 40 marks for writing competency, and 30 marks for knowledge in mathematics .
it is compulsory to score 30 marks for a pass in this exam .
3,090 tribal people from vayanad district took part in the exam .
the literacy commission has announced that 2,993 of them have passed .
this includes an 85 year old woman .
the director of school education, skannappan has ordered the distribution of second term books and notebooks for students studying in 27 government and governmentaided schools on october 3 .
he sent out a circular regarding this, to the chief educational officers and district educational officers of all districts on wednesday .
free notebooks for government and governmentaided schools are given to all districts through tnpl .
similarly, free books for the second term were sent through the tamil nadu textbook society .
chief educational officers of all districts have to distribute books and notebooks for all government and governmentaided schools in their districts before september 30 .
in his circular, he also asked them to instruct all headmasters to distribute the free books and notebooks on the first day of term, after quarterly exams .
