bosnians protest croatian plans for nuclear waste facility .
hundreds of people rallied friday in northwest bosnia against plans by neighboring croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty .
the protesters in the bosnian town of novi grad urged croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in trgovska gora and pledged to fight the project .
the facility would hold waste from the krsko nuclear plant .
holding banners reading i want a healthy future and stop the una river needs us, bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the una river and the lives of around 250,000 area residents .
we have to say no! .
miroslav drljaca, the head of novi grad municipality told the crowd .
we must fight to preserve our way of life and our una .
located in slovenia, the 1980s krsko plant is owned jointly by croatia .
officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities .
croatia's state hrt television reported friday that croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility slovenia is building .
croatian minister of environment protection and energy tomislav coric told the broadcaster that croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution .
in bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear .
how come that out of entire croatia, the best is the trgovska gora pocket that is in bosnia's pants? asked drljaca .
we must not let them humiliate us! .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi, has accused that the concern of the uttar pradesh government about the farmers is just in advertisements only .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi is criticising various activities of the bjp government through social media .
in this context, yesterday she remarked that the government of uttar pradesh is not concerned about farmers' wellbeing .
priyanka gandhi has said in her post “the concern of the bjp government of uttar pradesh can be seen only in advertisements and hoardings .
farmers have not even received their arrears from the government .
the farmers were not proper electricity distribution .
but their electricity bills are severely hiked .
they are being cheated in the name of a loan waiver .
also they are insulted by the government of uttar pradesh” .
what is munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in the politician on netflix? .
the condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy .
the politican hits netflix today .
the show tells the story of payton hobart who wants to be president of the united states of america but first, he has to be student body president at his high school .
made by american horror story and glee creator ryan murphy, it features gwyneth paltrow, ben platt and lucy boynton .
without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about munchhausen's by proxy a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick .
there are different types of the condition, including munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill .
munchhausen's by proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill .
it is also known as fabricated or induced illness fii and is categorised as child abuse .
it is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill .
what are the signs of munchhausen's by proxy? .
the signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the nhs says that things to be aware of include .
persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy .
exaggerating or lying about symptoms .
manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes .
inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances .
how common is munchhausen's by proxy? .
as many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is .
one study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period .
what should you do if you think a child is at risk .
you can contact your local social services department or telephone the nspcc's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
the central government has given approval to build 123 lakh houses throughout india under the prime minister's housing scheme, including 26 thousand 709 houses in tamil nadu .
the central government is implementing the prime minister's housing scheme to ensure all the people in the country get their own house before 2022 .
in this case, the central sanctioning and monitoring committee csmc headed by the secretary for the central housing and urban affairs department durga sankar misra has sanctioned the building of 123 lakh houses at a cost of rs 4988 crores .
this information was given in a press release by central government yesterday .
accordingly, a maximum 27,746 houses will be built in west bengal and in tamil nadu 26,709 houses worth rs 939 crores will be built .
and houses are also planned to be built in the states of gujarat 20,903, punjab 10,332, chhattisgarh 10,079, jharkhand 8,674, madhya pradesh 8,314, karnataka 5,021, rajasthan 2,822, and uttarakhand 2,501 .
under this order, the central government has so far given permission to build more than 90 lakh houses in cities alone .
under this scheme, before 2022, 112 crore houses are planned to be built in cities and a total of 2 crore houses are planned to be built, including in villages .
nigeria police raid kaduna school, evacuate 300 children .
kaduna the kaduna state police command yesterday raided a school, imamu ahmad bn hambal, located at layin maidubun tsumma at rigasa in igabi local government area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children .
the police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition an allegation the school authority denied .
a resident who identified himself as shehu, a preacher in the school, said what they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents .
the parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school .
the parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in .
we were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school .
this is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police .
he added that the immediate past police commissioner abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained .
‎he said the children only studied quran and nothing else .
but the police command public relations officer, yakubu sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government .
they were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring quranic knowledge .
with many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten .
so, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility, he said .
foreign talent important to china's development .
guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the belt and road initiative bri, the guangdonghong kongmacao greater bay area gba, and shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area .
nanfang media group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 1070 in guangdong .
born in 2010 during the asian games in guangzhou, yash from singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in guangzhou .
nikita nikandrov, a russian student of shenzhen msubit university said, with the bri, russian students can study together with chinese students .
we can make new ideas and businesses together .
rachel rommeswinkel from the us started her career as a beauty blogger in dongguan and has over one million fans on bilibili and weibo .
she said she will keep sharing chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos .
leticia de lassus from france, the head of jjb international montessori ami centers in guangzhou, agrees that children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket .
if the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place .
chineseamerican henry xiao believes that at the heart of gba, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent .
nanta show producer sean choi from south korea said guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the nanta show to guangdong .
stephan mohler from switzerland, the technical quality director at the pearl river pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well .
to his surprise, many talented young people in china enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better .
unibet takes on its second us market .
kindred group's flagship brand unibet takes on its second us market in pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into pennsylvania with the opening of its sportsbook in partnership with mohegan sun pocono marking the company's second us market entry in just one month .
mohegan sun pocono's full destination offering, combined with unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state .
earlier this month, unibet launched its new jersey sportsbook and multiyear partnership with the new jersey devils .
we are excited and proud to partner with mohegan sun pocono to welcome patrons to our new sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino .
we wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer pennsylvanians a truly unmatched inhouse and soontocome online sports betting and casino experience, says manuel stan, svp kindred us .
we've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans .
introduction of the unibet offering to the market is a great positive for mohegan sun, as well as the state of pennsylvania, says aviram alroy, vice president of interactive gaming at mohegan gaming entertainment .
betting offerings to start will include nfl, ncaa, nhl, nba, pga, professional tennis, boxing, ufc, rugby, nascar, mls, premier league soccer, la liga and bundesliga .
powered by kambi, a worldleading b2b provider of premium sports betting services, the unibet sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around .
later this year, together with mohegan sun pocono, unibet will also launch its sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via apple and android mobile devices .
the minister of the rural industries department p benjamin applied nalangu for pregnant women and donated them essential materials in the angle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women conducted on behalf of the social welfare and nutritious meal programme department's integrated child development services scheme, at a private marriage hall located at villivakkam panchayat union, tiruvallur district .
in the programme minister p benjamin said .
the government under the chief minister, who follows the footsteps of the late chief minister amma, is providing many schemes for the poor and disadvantaged people and is working towards improving their livelihoods .
in such a way, amma's best scheme, the bangle wearing social ceremony scheme for pregnant women is being implemented in the best way .
monetary help for pregnant women has been raised from rs 12 thousand to rs 18 thousand .
this monetary help has been split into several instalments as prematernity, maternity and postmaternity .
amma's government is donating a gift pack consisting of 16 kinds of items for children born in government hospitals .
thus this government headed by the chief minister is considering the welfare of the people and works towards improving their livelihood .
today more than 200 pregnant ladies were applied with nalangu and received donations of essential materials .
earlier, all the people headed by the minister took an oath for nutrition awareness .
only after that did the minister release the nutrition awareness guide .
finally, at the end of the bangle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women, minister p benjamin served five types of rice and food to pregnant women .
the bangle wearing social ceremony on behalf of the integrated child development services scheme in tiruvallur district was held at 13 taluk level .
3,160 pregnant women from 1760 anganwadi centers in ellapuram, gummidipoondi, kadambattur, minjur, pallipattu, poonamallee, poondi, rkpet, chozhavaram, thiruvalankadu, tiruvallur, tiruttani and villivakkam regions participated in the bangle wearing social ceremony .
the project director tamil nadu state rural livelihoods mission vai jayakumar, project officer of the integrated child development servicesscheme rajeswari and government officials participated in this programme .
on the second day, october 1, actor kamal haasan will deliver a speech about the digital era and constructive use of social media by young people .
this will be followed by speeches by many experts on topics such as fake news, challenges and complications in cinema production, screenplay for new fans, and youttube's business model .
many successful people from the film and media industry are going to share their views .
those who want to participate in this twoday programme lasting from morning to evening can contact the number below and register their names! .
vijay alone getting this much opposition means he is growing, said his father and director sa chandrasekar .
the audio launch of the film bigil was recently held in chennai .
vijay participated in that event and said “in the death of subasri caused by a banner falling on the road, they are accusing the lorry driver and the printers of the banner, not knowing whom to blame he also said “people should be given positions only according to what they deserve” .
this speech by vijay was not welcomed by aiadmk and it is facing severe criticism .
meanwhile, makkal needhi maiyam president kamal hassan has supported vijay's speech .
in this context, vijay's father sa chandrasekar arrived at tuticorin airport through a flight from chennai to take part in an event in nagercoil, kanyakumari district .
there the reporters posed him questions about the criticism faced by vijay .
he answered while riding on a bike on the road, subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road .
everyone is talking about this issue .
vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about .
even the court has asked why the people involved in subhasri's incident have not been arrested until now .
but it is not clear why the ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone .
when vijay faces this amount of opposition, it means he is growing .
will your speech garner this amount of opposition? .
if vijay's speech faces criticism, that means he is growing .
the reporters asked, based on the speeches made by vijay on stage, will he definitely enter into politics .
sa chandrasekar answered “it doesn't seem so, for me” .
we asked aiadmk regarding this .
there is no second opinion that the death of subhasri is unfortunate .
but why did vijay have to wait until the audio launch of bigil to air his views about that incident without speaking about it immediately .
vijay's fan once fell from the top and died while erecting a cutout for his film .
even that video was released .
“vijay should have asked his fans to stop erecting cutout for his films by then,” they said furiously .
for the past few days, a video has been circulating on whatsapp warning people to be 'careful with dogs' .
that video asks children to inform their parents if they have been bitten or scratched by a dog .
it also shows a video portraying a boy with more than 90 percent damage caused by the rabies virus, as he had not informed his parents about being bitten by a dog .
the video shows the boy barking like a dog as he is being treated in a hospital .
we asked veterinarian anandapadmanaban if the whatsapp video showing the person affected by rabies behaving like a dog is accurate .
when a dog infected with the rabies virus bites a person, it is true that the rabies virus will affect the person bitten .
but rabies is not spread by being scratched by a dog's nail .
if the rabid dog's saliva touches the scratched area, it may cause spreading of the disease .
when the saliva touches the wound or injury in the subject's body, it will cause the disease to spread .
so as a precautionary measure, it is best for dog owners to receive an injection of the rabies vaccine .
we veterinarians also receive the rabies vaccine injection once a year, as we need to treat dogs .
freshly picked turmeric contains vitamin c .
turmeric has the property to control blood pressure and the heartbeat as it contains potassium .
turmeric contains minerals such as manganese, potassium, pron, calcium, zinc, copper and magnesium .
by applying a paste of turmeric powder mixed with salt and lemon extract, wounds, sprain, injuries caused by friction and joint pains will be healed .
a mixture of asafoetida powder and turmeric powder in water, when boiled and inhaled, cures a single side headache .
this contains antibodies and fibres that control bad cholesterol .
turmeric contains many important chemical compounds such as niacin, riboflavin, and pyridoxine .
inhaling the smoke resulting from burning turmeric cures blocked noses .
curcuma turmeric has more aroma than normal turmeric .
it has the property of curing skin diseases .
it is useful in curing pain, infections in the nose, abdominal pain, breaking cysts and mosaic disease .
some young women may be seen with a slight moustache on their upper lips like men .
applying curcuma turmeric powder or paste on the face will help prevent the growth of such hair .
there will be brightness on the face .
'hideous' central coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court .
dressed in a leafy ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12yearold from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's central coast in may 2017 .
he then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her .
shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation .
the man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between august 2016 and april 2017 .
the 12yearold victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife .
when she pleaded stop, stop, stop, he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub .
the man told the girl shhh, don't scream .
don't scream or i'll have to hurt you .
holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour .
after he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school .
the man arrived at work about 930am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues .
with dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment .
the man's sentencing hearing continues on tuesday .
pope warns tech execs to use ai for the common good .
pope francis on friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good .
francis addressed a vatican conference that brought government envoys and facebook and google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists .
a smattering of academics and catholic bishops rounded out participants at the common good in the digital age conference .
the threeday gathering is the latest evidence of the vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence .
the debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the christchurch, new zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage .
in his speech to the conference, francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor .
but he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor .
if technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress, he warned .
if mankind's socalled technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest .
organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the catholic church on high tech issues .
martin odegaard, real madrid loanee, sends fans wild with mindboggling assist .
martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener .
real madrid went top of the la liga table following their 20 win over osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season .
however, despite not losing a single game in la liga this season, manager zinedine zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous preseason and a public rift with welsh star gareth bale .
the pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when real madrid were humiliated by parissaint germain psg in the champions league .
but zinedine zidane and real madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the frenchman's plans and those that aren't .
vinícius junior is one such star for the future for real madrid and is currently with the team .
however, another norwegian youngster martin odegaard, who has been loaned out to real sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mindboggling assist during a la liga match .
playing for real sociedad vs alaves, martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener as real sociedad ran out 30 winners at home .
after picking the ball up on the right, martin odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inchperfect throughball and poke home .
willian jose's second and a third from the impressive oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for imanol's side, before alaves midfielder manu garcia was sent off with five minutes to play .
martin odegaard joined real madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype .
now 20, the norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet .
anna hazare surprised sharad pawar's name figures in maharashtra state cooperative bank scam case .
anna hazare said sharad pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me .
social activist anna hazare has expressed surprise over nationalist congress party or ncp chief sharad pawar's name cropping up in the multicrore maharashtra state cooperative bank scam .
probe agency enforcement directorate or ed has filed a money laundering case against sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar a former deputy chief minister of maharashtra and others in connection with the scam .
an enforcement case information report, equivalent to a police fir, has been registered by the central agency under the prevention of money laundering act .
the case is based on a mumbai police fir which had named former chairmen of the bank, ajit pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender .
when this case came to me, sharad pawar's name was not there anywhere .
how did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know, anna hazare said on thursday when asked about the ed case and sharad pawar's alleged links to the scam .
anna hazare, a sharad pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ed carries out a detailed investigation in the scam .
the ed will come to know how his name figured in the case, said anna hazare, a veteran of many anticorruption agitations .
sharad pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the october 21 assembly polls in maharashtra .
the former union minister has asserted he would not bow before the throne of delhi, apparently referring to the bjpled government at the centre .
the ncp has termed the enforcement directorate case as politically motivated .
south africa man, 20, charged with murder of ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu .
a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of university of kwazulunatal ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the national prosecuting authority npa .
the accused appeared in the msinga magistrate's court on thursday on a charge of murder .
kzn npa spokesperson natasha kara told news24 that the case was postponed to october 2 for the bail application .
she added that the state would oppose the accused's release on bail .
according to kzn police spokesperson colonel thembeka mbele, the 20yearold accused was arrested on monday .
ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week .
it's believed that she worked as a hostess at the msinga driftkhana motorsport event on saturday evening .
in a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended .
on their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed away in hospital, their statement read .
ukzn suspended academic activities on friday, saying the circumstances of ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society .
mylan agrees to pay 30m in epipen settlement .
mylan has agreed to pay 30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a justice department investigation into whether the company overcharged medicaid for the epipen .
the securities and exchange commission said friday that mylan nv classified the epipen as a generic drug under the medicaid drug rebate program .
this led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the epipen had been classified as a branded drug .
mylan had disclosed in july that it had reached an agreementinprinciple with the sec on the matter .
the company said in a statement friday that it neither admits nor denies the sec's allegations .
people in landslide disaster areas are warned to vacate immediately .
a landslide disaster warning has been issued to people living in low lying areas in 'the divisional secretariats in bulathsinhala, palallavitta, maththukkam, akalavaththai in kaluththurai district and the divisional secretariats in elpitiya, niyakama, nakota, imathuva and vaththeekama in kali district and they have been asked to vacate immediately .
similarly people in thodangoda, ingiriya, palinthanuvara, herana divisional secretariats in kaluththurai district and the thehiyovitta divisional secretariat in kekaalai district and kadavathsaththara, neluwa, thawalama divisional secretariats in kali district have been requested to be cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
similarly people in the divisional secretariats of kalawana, ayagama, giriella, eheliyagoda, rathinapuri, kuruwita in rathinapuri district are requested to stay cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
a landslide disaster warning has also been issued to the ettiyanthotttai divisional secretariat in kekaalai district .
in west bengal, steps are being taken to make a statue of goddess durga, using 50 kilograms of gold, for the durga puja festival .
in west bengal, the trinamool congress headed by mamata banerjee is in power .
every year durga puja is celebrated in a grand manner here during october or november .
durga idols are erected in main streets and worshipped .
durga puja celebrations for this year will start on the 4th of next month and will last for 10 days .
in this scenario, the festival committee has planned to erect a 13 foot tall gigantic statue of goddess durga, at santhosh mithra square in kolkata .
commenting on this, the president of the committee said “the durga statue is made using 50 kg of gold .
its total value is 20 crores .
most of the works are completed .
this statue will be kept in the pandal for worship in the next few days .
no one has ever made such an effort .
for this purpose, we have collected donations from business establishments, the public, and private institutions .
after we have dismantled the statue, we will take back the gold in it and use it for the next year .
the president of the south indian rivers linking farmers association ayyakannu has warned that if the tamil nadu government does not take necessary steps to waive agricultural loans, a blockade will be carried out in chennai during the first week of october .
the discussion meeting of the south indian rivers linking farmers association was held yesterday in poolampatti near manapparai .
many farmers from manapparai, vaiyampatti, thuvarankurichi, and the virali hills area participated in this meeting .
during the meeting it was demanded to bring the cauveryvaigai gundaru scheme through vaiyampatti and fill panjapatti lake, ponniyaru dam and kannuthu dams during floods .
further, genetically modified seeds should be banned .
many resolutions including waiving of all crop loans of farmers and immediate provision of crop insurance for the year 201617 were passed .
the farmer’s association president ayyakannu said during his speech at this meeting that tamil nadu has faced the worst drought .
the chief minister edappadi palanisamy should take appropriate steps and waive farm loans .
otherwise a very big demonstration will be held in chennai during the first week of october .
mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons .
a woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children .
sarah barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of tristan barrass, 13, and blake barrass, 14 .
the brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the shiregreen area of sheffield, south yorkshire, at about 730am on 24 may .
postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on friday at sheffield crown court .
the exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known .
barrass appeared in the dock alongside her codefendant, brandon machin, 39, a family member .
flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children .
the pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20minute hearing .
the conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 may .
four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including blake and tristan on 23 may .
the fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 may .
the surviving children are all under the age of 13 .
the judge, jeremy richardson qc, told the pair no words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done .
the crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves .
the murder of two children .
the attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children .
i have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment .
it's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed .
they will be sentenced on 12 november .
the vikram lander cannot be found, nasa has announced .
the vikram lander, which went so close to the moon and lost communication, cannot be found, nasa has announced .
recently the isro launched the chandrayaan2 spacecraft to research the moon's south pole .
it was scheduled to land the vikram lander on the surface of the moon on the early morning of september 7 .
but at a distance of 21 kilometres from the moon, communication between the vikram lander and the isro control room was lost .
following this, in the images sent by the the chandrayaan 2 space shuttle satellite, the vikram lander was found lying on the surface of the moon .
the 14 day lifespan of the vikram lander also ended .
the efforts of the isro scientists to establish communication with it did not yield results until today .
it is considered that due to the vikram lander landing on the moon at a high speed, it might have collided with the surface and that might have caused a malfunction .
subsequently, the vikram lander, weighing 1471 kilograms, might have been damaged when it landed at a speed greater than 200 kilometres per hour .
the isro will be releasing a detailed report on .
what caused the failure of vikram .
meanwhile, america's nasa also tried to find the site where the vikram lander fell .
nasa's satellite has photographed the site where the vikram lander landed .
nasa has announced that the vikram lander cannot be found in the satellite images .
more than 50 thousand antiquities and artifacts have been registered in tamil nadu, the archaeological officer cr gayathri said after participating in a registration of artifacts and awareness camp, she told the reporters .
if there is any object more than 100 years old, drawings, manuscripts more than 75 years old in homes or in companies, they should be registered with the registration officer of the indian archaeological department .
by this, the certificate for that item can be obtained and retained with us .
the awareness camp regarding this was conducted in each town from september 13 to september 28 .
this created awareness about registering antiquities, and other information such as where applications are available .
who will register, where to register are available .
apart from registering the antiquities, they can also be transferred .
they can also be given to others within india .
but they should not be taken abroad .
registering the artifacts with us gives us safety .
it is a matter of pride for us .
so far more than 50,000 antiquities and artifacts have been registered .
and they are continuously being registered .
in this, items including musical instruments, wooden sculptures, toys and stone sculptures more than 100 years old can also be registered, said gayathri .
earlier, this camp was inaugurated by the head of the manuscript department of tanjore tamil university, b jayakumar .
photos of registered ancient archaeological items were displayed in this camp .
they were witnessed by public .
people are being cheated by cheats and liars, the founder of pattali makkal katchi, ramadoss has informed .
he said this while speaking at a public meeting at ranipettai in vellore district .
pmk founder ramadoss was congratulated last night for continuously criticising the government for splitting vellore district into three .
ramadoss participated in that event and delivered a sarcastic speech .
only the pmk has first voiced the problems of the people of vellore district and neither the dmk nor other parties has conducted agitations to the level of the pmk, he said .
he also informed that the dmk is concerned only about capturing the votes of people and about capturing power, not about people .
he further added that people have failed to remember the agitations conducted by the pmk for the problems of the people of vellore instead, they voted for the opposition, believing their lies .
questioning why you people are forgetting the pmk, which is waiting to work for the people, and being cheated by liars, assured the people, will surely get good returns if they follow the pmk .
he further added that he struggles for this tamil community, holding a stick, even if he is unable to walk in his old age, and informed that they don’t have their roots in kodambakkam but they are the agricultural community .
various events are being implemented throughout the district for the national development programme that is a part of the event let's unite for the country that is being implemented today 26th for the fourth day in pathulai district .
various eventrelated programmes in connection with drug eradication, village power, and encouraging women involved in small business ventures took place in pathulai district secretariat that were jointly organised by the pathulai divisional secretary office and district secretariat .
the event of detailing teachers of government schools under drug eradication programme was headed by the psychological advisor of the president's drug eradication division and navy lieutenant anuradha jayasinghe .
during this event he pointed out that the country is facing problems from drug abuse on a massive scale, so teachers have a great responsibility in rescuing the youth community which is supposed to contribute to the country, and that three percent of women are spoilt by drugs .
the president's secretariat undertook the event of detailing those belonging to village power agency in village officer sections within the pathulai divisional secretariat .
apart from commencing in village officer sections in ilukthenne, hinnarangkoda in pathulai district under village power programme, today this programme has been successfully implemented in 9 village officers sections .
under this, farmers have been given chicks and agricultural implements, and steps have been taken to start a centre to sell farm products .
with an aim to encourage and improve the efficiency and thinking of women entrepreneurs carrying out small business ventures, a training session arranged by pathulai divisional secretariat was also held with contributions from the ministry of social promotion of primary handicraft, women and childr affairs, and ministry of drought zone development .
the aim of this is to provide knowledge about how to overcome problems and obstacles and how to be successful while undertaking business activities .
as a part the national development programme let's unite for the country, such programmes are conducted throughout pathulai district .
the programme includes activities such as providing primary knowledge regarding business ventures, like starting a business, methods to establish contacts with management and financial institutions while conducting business and also providing them the necessary support for conducting business successfully .
women members from women associations conducting small business ventures took part in this event in large numbers .
boris johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman jennifer arcuri .
the independent office for police conduct will now assess whether the prime minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of london .
the greater london authority gla said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a conduct matter against the prime minister over allegations ms arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him .
a conduct matter exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed, it said .
it does not mean that this is proved in any way .
the iopc will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated .
the issue has been referred to the iopc, which deals with complaints against police forces in england and wales .
it was referred to the watchdog because mr johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner .
mr johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with ms arcuri .
earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the london assembly to provide details of his links with ms arcuri, although he insisted they were barking up the wrong tree .
it follows a report by the sunday times that ms arcuri, an american who moved to london seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by mr johnson while he was mayor .
the government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to ms arcuri's company, hacker house, pending a review .
it is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money .
digital minister matt warman told the commons that his department had done the usual due diligence and that the company had a british phone number .
however, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in california, where ms arcuri, 34, is said to now be based .
pm's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff' .
the move by the gla to refer the prime minister to the independent office for police conduct has met with anger from no 10 .
a senior government source said it was a politically motivated attack and that the timing on the eve of the conservative party conference was overtly political .
no evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the pm given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a friday night, the source said .
the public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political putup job .
earlier today, the standard was told mr johnson's close friendship with the californian entrepreneur helped by london's tourism and promotions agency was an open secret among its staff .
former officials at the agency, london partners lp, recalled how ms arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by mr johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as not credible by some at the time .
third man charged with drug counts in mac miller's death .
los angeles ap a third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper mac miller's overdose death last year .
court documents show stephen walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that miller possessed before he died last september of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the us .
walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, cameron pettit, sold to miller .
court documents unsealed tuesday say pettit kept getting drugs from walter through august .
ryan reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in lake havasu city, arizona, is accused of serving as walter's runner who delivered the pills to pettit .
none of the men have been directly charged with miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases .
walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release .
prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported thursday by celebrity website tmz, are asking that walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk .
a phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned .
pettit was charged in federal court on sept 4, and his attorney has declined to comment .
miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hiphop .
the pittsburgh native whose real name was malcolm james myers mccormick was also in a twoyear relationship with singer ariana grande that ended earlier in 2018 .
after his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her instagram page and released a song, thank u next, that lovingly mentioned him .
miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse .
matthew roberts, guitarist for the band 3 doors down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system .
this story has been corrected to show that walter's first name is spelled stephen, not steven .
the chief minister of uttarakhand has informed that those affected by dengue can take 650 grams of paracetamol and you don’t have to take it seriously .
this irresponsible speech of the chief minister has caused a stir in the state .
more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue and are undergoing treatment in uttarakhand so far .
opposition parties including congress are accusing the government of not taking necessary precautionary measures .
in this context, the chief minister of uttarakhand has said that the impact of dengue has been low due to the precautionary measures taken by the government and visited those undergoing treatment in the hospital and enquired about their health .
not stopping with the enquiry about their health, the suggestion given by him has caused stir .
he has told that instead of 500 g of paracetamol, if you take 650 g of paracetamol and rest the dengue will just fly away .
his speech comes at a time when the health officials are advising against self medication for dengue and opt for proper treatment .
the same chief minister has said a few months ago that if you breathe the gas let out by cows, your breathing problem will be cured .
9 year old nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games .
the 9yearold is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called scratch 2 .
scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline .
so far, basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games .
today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide .
the player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place .
i learned how to build games at a boot camp .
now, i build to keep me busy when i am bored, basil told cnn .
in march, his father signed him up for a fiveday boot camp for children aged 5 to 15 .
the camp, organized by codefest international, was put in place to give children like basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality .
growing up, basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, basil okpara sr .
i bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because i saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with .
he played candy crush and temple run a lot, the father told cnn .
but basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing .
there was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that i got upset with him, his father said .
out of annoyance, i said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?' .
i was angry when i said it, and i did not know he took it seriously, he added .
since then, basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games .
basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about .
one of his games, 'mosquito mash' is available on google play store .
africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent .
two nigerian 12yearolds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores .
in may, team acrobot, a ghanaian allgirls high school team won the 2019 robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes .
and with africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like google and microsoft, basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars .
former north carolina gop chair to plead guilty for lying in bribery probe .
a former north carolina gop chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed friday .
the federal court docket shows that robin hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next wednesday .
a factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by hayes' attorney said that hayes knew he was making false statements to fbi agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018 .
the actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to .
he was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements .
prosecutors have accused hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment .
the executive, greg lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state insurance commissioner mike causey .
lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than 5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016 .
he favored republican causes and politicians, but also gave to democrats .
his attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment friday .
a defense attorney for hayes, kearns davis, didn't respond to an email friday seeking further comment .
the court documents filed friday state that hayes lied to fbi agents in august 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with causey about staff at the state department of insurance .
but hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document .
prosecutors have said that hayes also helped lindberg request a meeting with causey and that hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator .
an indictment unsealed in april alleges that lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to 2 million for causey's 2020 reelection campaign .
the scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a lindberg company, according to the indictment .
causey, a republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case .
he faces no charges .
the indictment states that an associate of lindberg's directed hayes to transfer 250,000 to causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included lindberg and causey .
hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment .
whatever you all want to do, we'll do, hayes said, according to the indictment .
alright, i'll get er done .
a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement .
facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing .
some facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a worldfirst trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing .
instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on instagram which started in july in australia .
the new facebook trial, which begins on friday, will also kick off in australia .
facebook australia's director of policy mia garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison .
we've had really positive feedback from a lot of the antibullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with, garlick said .
it really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions .
it's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said .
garlick assured businesses who rely on facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed .
she said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like instagram's trial has in australia, canada, brazil, new zealand, japan, italy and ireland .
as with instagram, which is owned by facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent .
we have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience on instagram, but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage, she said .
on being the world's training ground garlick said australia has very active techsavvy users of facebook and instagram .
we think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not .
every man is grateful to his parents for raising him .
the sacrifice of parents in raising their children cannot be measured .
as per the shastras, just as helping them during their lifetime is needed, they should continue to be grateful even after their death .
for this they have created rites for their dead ancestors .
these are called many names, such as tharpanam, ancestral duties and ancestral rites .
since this needs to be done with due diligence carefully without forgetting with sense of gratitude on the ritual date of the month in which they were dead, this is also called chirartham .
this is mentioned in thiruvalluvar's thirukkural as by dutiful house holders aid, god, manes, kin, self and guests are served .
the kin mentioned here refers to dead ancestors .
since the world of the ancestors is in the south, their world is referred to as the southern world .
though there are many days earmarked for offering rituals, it essential to offer rituals at least on the new moon day every month .
a few people offer their rituals only in the tamil months of thai and aadi .
in case you have not offered anything to the dead ancestors so far, it is very auspicious to start it on mahalaya new moon day .
it is believed that all our ancestors visit our earth together then .
sesame, water, replicas of our body, rice, bananas and meals are used for offerings .
the shastras say that these will be eaten by the angels and they will hand them over to our ancestors .
it is believed that the ancestors who visit the earth to see their children return back to their world on that day .
having a bath on the banks of theerthas on that, and sending them off by worshipping them will keep the family wealthy and will help the offsprings to survive for generations .
who is nancy pelosi, the person to set the deadline for american president trump? .
this is the second time that nancy pelosi has been selected as speaker of the united states house of representatives .
she holds many honours, including being the only member to be sworn in as speaker for a second term and the only female member to hold the highest position in the american constitution .
nancy pelosi is an unknown face to a world which is only familiar with the first ladies of the white house, such as eleanor roosevelt, hillary clinton, michelle obama and melania trump .
pelosi opposed america's policy in iraq .
she was the pioneer in guiding the health care scheme of former president barack obama .
between united nations meetings, indian prime minister narendra modi met iranian president hassan rouhani and had discussions .
this meeting gains importance in the wake of iran's conflict with america .
through this meeting, a clear message has been sent that india will not make any compromise in its independent external policy under the pressure of other countries including america .
the prime minister's office had tweeted regarding the meeting between the two leaders .
the spokesperson for the external affairs ministry raveesh kumar informed that the two leaders discussed mutual cooperation and regional conditions .
prime minister modi had gone on a trip to the iranian capital tehran during may 2016 with a view of strengthening the relationship with iran and extending india's ties with western asia .
during that trip, india and iran signed almost a dozen agreements, among which the development of chabahar port is an important agreement .
then india, iran and afghanistan signed a tripartite agreement for the transportation of goods through the port .
rouhani visited india in february 2018 .
he became the first iranian president to visit india in a decade .
during his visit several agreements were made between the two countries .
in the last few days, prime minister modi and american president donald trump had met twice .
the tension between america and iran has been on the rise since the america's sanctions on iran .
america has imposed sanctions on iran regarding its nuclear programme .
due to the america's sanctions, india has also stopped importing petroleum products from iran .
iran is the third biggest supplier of oil after iraq and saudi arabia .
though india has compromised on that issue, india had not made a compromise in meeting with the iranian president .
sri lanka airlines gives concessions to armed forces .
the united national airline sri lanka airlines has made arrangements for armed forces going on foreign trips to carry items weighing five kilograms free of cost as per the request of military commander lieutenant general savendra silva, while he was the chief of staff .
the regional manager of sri lanka airlines mr jayantha abesinghe, regional manager for sri lanka and india mr deepal ballegangoda, mand state travel manager and business executive mr saamara heitiarachi met the ilitary commander lieutenant general savendra silva at the military headquarters yesterday morning 26th .
during this meeting the airlines officials discussed matters about the concessions with the military commander .
this concession will be given to the military personnel while travelling during private holidays, trainings, conferences and workshops .
lieutenant general savendra silva made this request to sri lanka airlines in august 2019 considering the military soldiers need to carry essential parts and needs with them, apart from the free 30 kg of personal items they are allowed to carry, while they travel to foreign countries for training studies .
accordingly sri lanka airlines has made arrangements to allow all armed forces going to thailand, malaysia, singapore, china, india, pakistan and other south asian countries to carry 5 kg of free items from july 30 2019 .
during this meeting, the military commander expressed his heartfelt thanks for the cooperation of sri lanka airlines .
later the concession agreement documents were handed over to the military commander by the officials of the airlines .
why can't we provide a separate reservation for government schools in government medical colleges, madras high court has asked the government of tamil nadu .
since 207 seats allotted for nonresident indians in private medical colleges in tamil nadu are vacant, they were handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran has filed a case in high court of madras seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer vp raman who appeared on behalf of the indian medical council said in his argument, after three phases of counselling, if there is any vacancy of the seats allotted for nonresident indians, a list will be sent in the ratio of 10 students per seat to the concerned college .
the college has to fill that list based on appropriate rules .
but it is not known it was filled based on that list .
the additional general solicitor arvinth pandiyan in his argument said that only the list regarding the vacant seats will be sent to the concerned college .
the vacant seats have to be filled only based on merit .
but how the colleges fill them is not clear .
the supreme court also has not passed any orders regarding this .
so this court should issue appropriate orders regarding filling seats allotted for nonresident indians .
the lawyer velmurugan who appeared on behalf of the petitioner said that all the 207 seats that were vacant were sold to students with low marks for high rates .
the justices who intervened at that time said why do people select private schools when it comes to schooling but select government colleges when it comes to medical courses? why can't there be a special reservation for government school students in medical colleges? is it enough to send the vacancy list alone? don’t you need to check how they are filled? .
government doctors here receive a lower salary than teachers, even less than my assistant .
we consider this as an injustice rendered to the doctors .
we order to include the 10 private colleges in tamil nadu as defendants in this case .
they ordered these colleges to submit details regarding the list of students admitted in the seats allotted for nonresident indians and the marks scored by them before 15th october .
brother jailed for life for pakistan social media star qandeel baloch's honour killing .
qandeel baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in july 2016 .
the brother of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch was on friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highestprofile honour killing .
baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies tame by western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic pakistan was strangled in july 2016 .
her brother muhammad waseem was arrested .
days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that of course he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been intolerable .
his lawyer, sardar mehmood, told afp the court in the eastern city of multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a longawaited verdict .
inshallah god willing, he will be acquitted by a high court, he said .
earlier, baloch's mother anwar mai told afp she had hoped her son would be acquitted .
he is innocent .
she was my daughter and he is my son, she said .
baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of socalled honour killings, in which a victim usually a woman is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes .
women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or in baloch's case bringing shame on their family by celebrating their sexuality .
the killings are usually carried out by a close relative .
under pakistan's qisas blood money and diyat retribution law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives .
three months after baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings .
however, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned .
in baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution .
but, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven .
international revulsion at the killing had seen the pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead .
some of baloch's betterknown actions included offering to perform a striptease for the pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on valentine's day .
she attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a kim kardashianlike figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment .
the roots of honour killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across south asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too .
we have gradually lost underground water .
only now have we started realising the importance of palm trees .
so a palm seed festival is now becoming popular throughout tamil nadu among social activists and young people .
an organisation named prabakaran revolutionary seed movement in annavasal, pudukkottai has been working actively since 2015 .
many youths in the pudukkottai, trichy, salem, and thanjavur districts in tamil nadu are members of this organisation .
all of them are graduates serving in various jobs .
however, kindled by their concern for the motherland, these youths are actively involved in various activities such as tree planting, conserving water bodies, and preserving and restoring old historical sites .
during cyclone gaja relief works, they went in search of palm seeds, collecting and planting them in various parts of tamil nadu and donating them to the poor .
the youths coordinating the prabakaran revolutionary seeds movement are familiar to me .
mr edison, one of the organisers, spoke to me about their activities .
a west bengal elephant dies miserably! .
animal welfare activists who spoke about this said “this track was converted into a broadgauge track in 2004 .
since then more trains are operating on this track .
since the number of trains has increased, the number of elephant deaths has also increased .
this area has been an elephant corridor .
we brought to the attention of railway officials that operating trains at high speed causes the death of elephants caught in accidents .
after that, it was ordered to operate trains slowly in this area .
so the number of accidents also came down .
now trains are operating at high speeds again in this area .
we are requesting the construction of railways elsewhere .
the railway authorities of north east railway who spoke about this said “the train route passes through forest .
it has been ordered to operate trains slowly while crossing this area .
the order to operate slowly throughout 24 hours is in force .
studies are being undertaken in the forest area .
discussions are also in place to reduce the speed of the trains” .
a committee comprising 3 members has also been formed to investigate trains operating in that area .
the accident spot is in 45 angle .
the train driver sustained injuries and he is under treatment .
maternity assistance to be given to pregnant ladies in tamil nadu has been stopped and has not been given for the past year, say social activists .
the dr muthulakshmi reddy maternity benefit scheme was started by the department of health on behalf of health and family welfare for the benefit of poor pregnant women .
after registering their names within 12 weeks of becoming pregnant, in the maternity benefit scheme, after providing details including aadhar card and bank account number to the village and city nurses and receiving a picme number, rs 4,000 is credited in the bank account .
subsequently, before the end of the 4th month rs 4000 is provided as the 2nd instalment .
rs 4000 is given as the 3rd instalment after delivering the child in a government hospital, at end of pregnancy and during vaccination the 4th instalment of rs 4000 and rs 2000 at the end of 9 months for the child totalling rs 18000 is given as financial aid .
similarly in order to improve the physical ability of the women during pregnancy, a nutrition kit consisting of iron tonic, dry dates, protein biscuits, ghee, albendazole tablets and khadi towels is provided .
this scheme was implemented to enable pregnant ladies to deliver healthy children and take care of them properly .
this scheme was very effective for middle class and poor pregnant ladies .
for more than one year, the maternity assistance given to pregnant ladies has not been provided properly and has been stopped .
when speaking about this social activists say “the financial assistance of rs 18 thousand that has been given by the public health and family welfare department has not been given for over 13 months .
this affects the maternal and child healthcare during pregnancy .
this has created a situation of taking loans to maintain the child .
with only the nutrition kit given, the allowance has not been credited in the bank account so far .
on enquiring the officials of health department about this they said that the central government has not granted the amount for the first instalment .
after the central government pays rs 2 thousand as the first instalment, the remaining assistance of rs 16 thousand will be credited step by step .
but whether the tamil nadu government has properly registered the applications of the pregnant ladies who have applied for maternity assistance itself is a question mark, they informed .
hence, the government should take immediate steps to give the pregnancy assistance which has been pending for more than one year .
sathyapratha sahu holds discussions with district election officers .
yesterday chief election commissioner sathyapratha sahu held discussions through video conferencing with the officers in charge of conducting elections in vikravandi and nanguneri assembly constituencies where the byelections are scheduled .
this discussion took place in the video conferencing arena of the tamil nadu election commission in the secretariat .
in the vikravandi constituency, district election officer and collector mr l subramanian and other election officials took part in the discussion .
the officials conducting elections in nanguneri constituency participated on its behalf .
during this discussion with the officials conducting elections, the chief election commissioner enquired about various aspects including the number of electronic voting machines in stock, sensitive booths, the need for the central police force, additional police security, and vehicle checks .
higher officials including additional chief election commissioner rajaraman and joint chief election commissioner jacob attended this meeting .
this discussion about byelections was followed by a discussion with all district collectors and the chennai municipal commissioner regarding the voter list verification process .
during the discussion sahu informed that so far 934 lakh voters have uploaded their details through the website .
he urged the collectors to involve women's selfhelp groups in the voter list verification process and to advertise this scheme, making more voters involved in this process .
later the chief election commissioner of tamil nadu spoke to the news reporters yesterday .
during the interview, he said .
we are releasing the details regarding the candidates filing their nominations for contesting in the vikravandi and nanguneri byelections on the election commission's website .
we are removing the advertisements that violate the code of conduct for elections .
so far 215 posters wall posters have been removed .
8 cases were filed in connection with this .
so far we have not seized any objects or money for travelling without documents .
the madras high court has passed a few orders regarding banners and posters .
it already has its own rules, laws and court orders .
the district election officials will enforce them strictly .
general observers will come only after the filing of nominations is over .
in vikravandi constituency alone we have formed 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer committee and are at work .
outside vikravandi constituency, there are 30 flying squads, 30 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout villupuram district .
in nanguneri constituency alone 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committee, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer committee are at work .
outside nanguneri constituency, there are 27 flying squads, 27 monitoring committees, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout tirunelveli district .
due to rain in the sathuragiri hills, pilgrims were denied permission to trek for 30 minutes .
for the past few days, pilgrims were allowed to trek to the sathuragiri sundaramahalingam temple for the mahalaya new moon day .
with pilgrims trekking on the hills yesterday morning at 600 am after the forest department check, at around 1130 am clouds gathered and there was a possibility of raini .
so the pilgrims, who were worshipping, came down immediately .
as it started raining at 200 pm, the pilgrims were temporarily stopped from trekking to the hill .
due to the rain which lasted for about 30 minutes, there was less water flow along the hill's waterways .
with the pilgrims being allowed to trek again after the rain stopped, around 800 pilgrims returned back after worshipping .
with the number of pilgrims increasing as it is mahalaya new moon day today, the forest department has announced that the pilgrims will be stopped in case of rain and will be allowed again after the rain stops .
the president of sri lankan private bus association kemunu vijeratne has informed that based on the needs of passengers, important streets were identified and accordingly buses are pressed into service .
he also said that 3,200 buses have been pressed into service for the convenience of passengers .
the sri lankan transport board has announced that the buses have been pressed into service considering the transport needs of the people going to native places during the weekend .
the sri lankan transport board has further announced that sufficient numbers of buses have been pressed into service considering the convenience of the passengers travelling to their native places today .
these measures were taken jointly by the traffic commission, the private bus owners association and the sri lankan transport board .
the secretary of transport and civil flight services ministry lb jayampathi has informed that travelling in buses belonging to sri lankan transport board using railway season tickets is allowed from yesterday onwards .
while speaking about this, the president of the traffic commission janakamalli marachi informed that permission has been granted to carry on local bus services irrespective of the time schedule .
in the meantime, the railway department has informed that it was able to add 12 trains to the service up to today afternoon, in spite of the strike by railway employees .
lawlessness double displaced from nw nigeria to 40,000 unhcr .
worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the united nations said on friday .
the un's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a new humanitarian emergency that would require a fresh interagency fundraising effort of 355 million by the end of the year .
unhcr spokesman babar baloch said boko haram, the islamist group that has waged a decadelong insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks .
rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in sokoto, zamfara and katsina states in nigeria was the work of organized armed groups .
it paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity, he told journalists on friday .
he said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property .
military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region .
but the military is stretched from fights against boko haram and islamic state's west africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016 .
the refugees are not coming with names of groups, he said .
what they are coming with are horrific accounts .
those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring niger .
in a statement, the unhcr said it expected more to flee to niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in sokoto state, deteriorates .
new trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids .
a new trial date has been scheduled for a guatemala man accused of killing an iowa woman and her two children .
polk county district court records say 31yearold marvin escobarorellana is charged with three counts of firstdegree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police marvin esquivellopez .
he's pleaded not guilty .
police say he fatally shot 29yearold rossibeth floresrodriguez, her 11yearold daughter and 5yearold son on july 16 in a des moines home .
court records show the new trial date of jan 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare .
us immigration and customs enforcement officials have said escobarorellana is in the united states illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting .
he was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the us .
boris johnson faces cabinet revolt to lower brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with brussels the sun .
with just three weeks to go until a showdown eu leaders' summit, fears are growing around the pm's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions .
boris johnson is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu .
negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the irish backstop, with brussels branding mr johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as unworkable .
senior ministers expect eu power brokers led by germany's angela merkel to offer the embattled tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop .
the sun has spoken to three different cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the tories annual conference in manchester next week .
they will demand he abandons the aggressive strategy devised by senior aide dominic cummings to try to bluff the eu with the threat of no deal, and insist he accepts the eu's last minute offer .
one cabinet minister dubbed the crushing supreme court verdict to end parliament's suspension on tuesday as a wakeup call, adding a deal is the only way we can leave on october 31 now .
we're never going to beat the numbers in the commons, and they are against us .
the pm has to lean in now and take what he can get .
being aggressive doesn't work, the cummings plan has clearly failed .
we just can't fight battles on so many fronts .
a second cabinet minister has vowed to tell mr johnson to try to push through expm theresa may's deal if all else fails .
that senior minister added i will tell boris to put theresa's deal back to the commons if i have to .
the numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this .
it's all over for boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend .
sir john major accused boris of not taking the negotiation seriously .
in a withering speech, the former tory premier said the prime minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with europe .
but we don't see him sitting down in brussels, hammering out an agreement .
instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in scotland inspecting eggs in wales and arguing with the public in high streets for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing .
the pm's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying no one should be under any illusion there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal .
but the spokesman also said the benn act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was actively undermining our negotiating position in brussels .
he said there is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the prime minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation .
brexit secretary stephen barclay goes back to brussels today for more talks with the eu's michel barnier .
they will discuss a paper on how an allireland zone on food and livestock would work .
ministers rb udhayakumar and benjamin conducted a review meeting for officials from all departments regarding flood prevention precautionary measures in view of the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
this review meeting was held in the meeting hall in the kanchipuram district collector office .
additional chief secretary for revenue and disaster management department and revenue administration commissioner sathyagopal, additional chief secretary and disaster management department official athulya mishra, kanchipuram district superintendent santhosh k mishra, and district collector ponnaiah took part in this meeting .
the minister of the revenue department rb udhayakumar said in his speech .
in kanchipuram district 50 zonal committees have been formed in view of the northeast monsoon .
to monitor the functioning of these committees 19 subcollectors, 33 technical officers and, to coordinate the above teams, supervising officials at the rank of district revenue officer have been appointed .
in kanchipuram district 515 areas have been identified as being prone to flood damage, based on the areas affected during the 201518 heavy rains .
among them, 149 are classified as the most affected areas, 166 as moderately affected areas and 116 as least affected areas .
for the people living in these areas, 3666 persons including 1153 women are appointed as primary care takers .
these primary care takers are provided enough training and advice regarding the measures to be taken during monsoon season .
also details about 374 snake charmers, 132 swimmers and 166 red cross volunteers have been collected .
the details of 108 primary care takers have also been collected to protect the animals in the affected areas .
the people above will immediately go to the floodaffected areas and take part in rescue measures .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department .
to provide shelter to floodaffected people, 3 multi purpose care centres, 20 storm shelters, 352 temporary shelters and 90 livestock shelters are kept ready .
as a precautionary measure against the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district, through the public works department, rural development department, municipality administration and town panchayat department, adequate equipment is kept in stock to prevent flood damage in addition, sand bags numbering 1 lakh 47 thousand and 10, 1 lakh and 7300 casuarina logs, 313 jcbs, 256 water pumping motors, 29 fibre boats, 175 electric saws, 54 electric cutters and other equipment are kept ready .
upon the suggestion given by the chief minister of tamil nadu, adequate arrangements are being made to store rain water during 2019 the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
and we will prevent the flood damages completely .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department, he said .
many people including district party secretaries chitlapakkam s sridhar, kanchipuram subcollector of saravanan, kanchipuram municipal commissioner mahendran, and district mineral resources department assistant director r perumal raja participated in this programme .
not ready to carry out any scheme that harms the principles and policies of the freedom party .
the president today 29 said that the sri lanka freedom party is not ready to carry out any programme that puts the future of the party members into question, harming the principles and purpose of sri lanka freedom party, during the kurunakal district conference of the sri lanka freedom party .
the president who spoke further said that though the sri lanka freedom party has met many setbacks in history, the party has not faced decline due to the people friendly activities of the party .
the president said that it is unacceptable if anybody comments that the freedom party is weak and in the coming elections, any candidate who wants to win in the presidential elections and become the president needs the cooperation of the sri lanka freedom party, and it is the sri lanka freedom party that is in a position to determine the future president .
the president informed that as per the prevailing constituency, instead of selecting a weak president in the future, the goal of the sri lanka freedom party is to capture the parliament in 2020 by building a powerful government .
the president said that he is planning to reach that goal through a coalition government instead of competing alone, and also informed that to guide the country which was destroyed by corrupt politicians towards a new path, the goal of the new government is to build a society that is free of bribery, corruption and dominated by democracy and freedom and a country that does not bow to foreign powers .
the president who informed that the conflict within the new government is not a personal issue between him and the prime minister but a conflict between corruption and bribery, that can also be described as a conflict between fraudulent new government policy and the peoplefriendly politics of sri lanka freedom party's bandaranaike .
the president who said that he took steps to remove the prime minister from that post and to appoint mahinda rajapakse and that it is not his problem that they are unable to act on the matters under their responsibility, also informed that mahinda rajapakse acting as opposition leader today and the members of podujana peramuna sitting in parliament is based on the letter given by the secretary of the united people's freedom alliance to the speaker .
the president said that the sri lanka freedom party which is not subjected to dirty political accusation will retain the identity, dignity and adoring in the future and will serve the country and the people with dedication .
the kurunakal district conference which was conducted as a part of nationwide district conference series was held today with the grand participation of a majority of party members at hettipola general market complex today 29th .
many senior members of the party including the senior vice president of the sri lanka freedom party nimal siripala de silva, general secretary dhayasiri jeyasekara, general secretary of the united people's freedom alliance mahinda amaraveera, national coordinator dhumintha dissanayake, lasantha azhakiyavanna and upper north state governor pesala jayaratne took part in this event .
lorraine kelly i was told i'd never make it in tv with a glasgow accent .
lorraine kelly revealed that tv bosses told her she would never make it as a presenter because of her glaswegian accent .
looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, kelly, 59, recalled how she felt very nervous ahead of her first appearance on screen .
i was only 25 and very nervous, she said .
i had been working as a researcher at bbc scotland and been told by the big boss that i would never make it in tv because of my glasgow accent .
i went down to london to meet all of the tvam team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the glasgow office .
i will never forget, anne diamond and mike morris were interviewing the icon that is bette davis that morning .
i couldn't believe that i was in the same room as a living legend .
i knew this was where i wanted to be .
kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in east kilbride, scotland before becoming a scottish correspondent for tvam in 1984 .
she went on to host shows including gmtv, itv breakfast and daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme lorraine .
she will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews .
the presenter said that passion and enthusiasm and curiosity were the secret to longevity in tv, adding you have to put in the work .
you have to be honest and authentic .
do your homework and be both interested and interesting .
looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, kelly revealed that reporting on the dunblane massacre was very tough .
i had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher .
one of the mums, pam ross, whose fiveyearold daughter joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house .
it was all under the radar, i went to joanna's funeral and pam and i have been friends ever since .
she added that interviewing kate and gerry mccann shortly after their daughter madeleine went missing in 2007 was extremely hard and said that she really admired their strength and courage .
they have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online .
my heart goes out to them .
lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on monday, september 30 from 830am on itv .
some officials have taken steps to include a few trains in service amidst a strike by railway union .
2 trains were operating towards colombo fort from silabam and mahava, early this morning .
2 trains were operating till colombo fort from galle .
zimbabwe chiwenga feared trapping .
vicepresident constantino chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president robert mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military takeover in november 2017, a senior government official has claimed .
as reported by the zimbabwe independent last week, mugabe offered chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup .
however, a senior government official said on social media chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the african union au that indeed he had been toppled in a coup .
in a twitter thread which confirmed zimbabwe's 37yearruler was willing to hand over power to chiwenga and not president emmerson mnangagwa, jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the office of the president and cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue .
government officials said mugabe approached chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands .
intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official .
the official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson george charamba, central intelligence organisation then acting boss aaron nhepera and roman catholic bishop cleric fidelis mukonori .
former reserve bank of zimbabwe governor gideon gono was another strand after he was sent by mugabe on a oneman mission with the offer of the presidency to chiwenga who was the zimbabwe defence forces zdf commander .
the man, who in death more than in life has been described as an african icon, tried in vain to get the au to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other african leaders .
offer of presidency to then cdf commander defence forces chiwenga by the late mugabe was not by choice .
it was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fastpaced wearing down a part of the late's family, the official jamwanda wrote .
but there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically .
recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the au position on coups .
the late mugabe hoped the then cdf chiwenga would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order .
the hope for the late mugabe was that the au, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence .
that was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made .
officials said mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him .
they said mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a gadaffistyle lynching .
military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his blue roof residence .
and at that instant mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power, the official said .
the then cdf and commanders correctly read the calculation .
the emissary gono of that desperate message was told through a powerful metaphor that isu tiri vemakwapamakwapa we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military we are not politicians or in political competition, the senior government official said .
government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple mugabe, but to deal with criminals around him .
mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure mnangagwa back from short exile in south africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession .
apart from negotiating with the army, mugabe also sought help from the region .
the south africans, who were key to the process not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president jacob zuma was the sadc chairperson refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, south african troops would have arrived in harare in no time .
that did not work because putin and african leaders did not prefer that route, a source told the independent .
tablet pcs will be given to all students pursuing higher education in national schools for all students, education minister akila viraj kariyawasam has informed .
the minister made this announcement yesterday during a meeting with reporters at the education ministry .
it has been decided to give tablets to teachers teaching higher education in national schools .
to facilitate this scheme steps have been taken to purchase one lakh tablets .
in its second phase, higher education students and teachers in other schools will also be given tablets .
the education minister also added that this practice has been a great change after the introduction of free education in the country .
china needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says .
china needs the strong, unified leadership of the communist party or the country will crumble, the government said in a policy paper released on friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's republic .
china's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership .
china is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen .
without a unified and strong leadership force, china will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world, it said .
chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on prodemocracy protests in beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability .
strongarm president xi jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's secondbiggest economy on tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012 .
xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region .
china does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not hegemony, the policy paper said .
the chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world .
in modern times, china has been bullied by the great powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused china will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples .
china is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the united states and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as antigovernment protests in the chinese territory of hong kong .
china will never trade away its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said .
the threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems, it said, in reference to its trade disputes with washington .
china is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum .
it will never be weakened by trade wars, the paper added .
china is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world .
the united states should look rationally at china's development, as china has no intention of challenging the united states and does not want to replace the united states, it added .
the united states cannot control china, and it is even more unlikely to stop china's development .
curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the united states strong .
on the first day of dengue, there are common symptoms such as feeling cold, fever, headache and body pain .
the fever becomes severe in the following two days .
there is unbearable pain at the back of the eye and severe body pain that makes it difficult for the sufferer to get up .
as with a fracture, the sufferer is completely paralysed .
the face itself mirrors the effects of dengue .
the face is swollen .
the appearance of red spots on the body is an important symptom of dengue .
it is essential to undergo blood tests like dengue igm and dengue igg .
the blood platelet count of a healthy person should be about 3 lakhs .
if a person is affected by dengue the platelet count may decrease below 20,000 .
therefore a test to determine the blood platelet count of should also be done .
there is no exclusive treatment for dengue fever only the symptoms are treatable .
so it is better to prevent dengue .
navaratri fasting is set to start from today .
fasting for one of the hindus' important festivals, navaratri, is set to start from today .
navaratri is to be observed from the coming 7th onwards .
those who are fasting for all nine days should fast and pray and only then should they eat, and they should also not lie on beds but instead should lie on mats .
on a day if there is star hastham with prime thithi, that day is considered as very auspicious .
it is considered that lord devi gives everything to those who worship her on that day .
on the first three days, one should worship goddess parasakthi requesting bravery and courage .
for the next days, goddess mahalakshmi should be worshipped for those wanting wealth .
on the last three days, lord kalaimagal should be worshipped requesting education, knowledge and artistic knowledge .
on those days, women whose husbands are still alive will be invited home, and they will be considered as goddess parasakthi and will be made to sit near the toy display and given turmeric, kumkum, coins and other offerings .
oil baths are not allowed during the navaratri period .
also stitching is not permitted .
if purattasi saturday fasting coincides on these days, bathing without oil can be taken and fasting can be continued .
oil lighting and worshipping can also be continued .
those who want to undertake navaratri fasting properly should not eat during the day during the first eight days, at night after performing pooja they can eat milk, fruits and snacks, undertake navami upavasa, and on the tenth day of vijayadasami they have to recite prayers before 830 in the morning .
those who are unable to follow this can eat once during the first eight days, and can consume milk and fruits alone on the last day .
there is no other fasting that is as simple and effective as navaratri fasting, says purana .
navaratri fasting is the one that gives everything needed by a man such as wealth, food, long lasting happiness, longevity, health, heaven and salvation .
those who don’t have children will be blessed with children .
if someone is poor in their studies, on observing this fast they will achieve excellence .
those who are unable to worship for the entire nine days can pray to goddess durga on ashtami and sleep throughout the night, goddess durga will safeguard them throughout their lives .
similarly, worshipping the things that we use regularly and books of children, after performing pooja and using them on the next day invokes special blessings .
navaratri worship is something that is carried out for praying to saraswathi, lakshmi and durga, the goddesses of education, wealth and bravery that a man needs in life .
after xi xinping was elected as the president of china for the second time, the communist government further strengthens its grip on muslims .
that is, people thinking of themselves as muslims should live in the country only under the identity of chinese .
they should identify as chinese in all aspects, starting from food habits .
muslims were given a 5year deadline for changing .
the xinping's ambassadors are meeting islamic leaders to explain the government's position and to request their cooperation .
the intention of the chinese government is that uyghur people should lose their real identity and join the national mainstream .
meanwhile, the un human rights commission made a shocking accusation against china, last tuesday .
it accused the chinese government of taking hearts, kidneys, livers and skin from people detained in camps .
china rejected this accusation and said “it is true that the body parts of convicted criminals were cut .
but we stopped that in 2015 the accusation from the un human rights commission is baseless” .
spice girls' mel c bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle .
spice girl melanie chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years .
sporty spice spent years undereating and obsessively exercising while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder .
now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, scarlet and that she doesn't ever allow people to speak about diets in our house .
scarlet's 10 years old now and i'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks, said mel .
but i think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that i'm very conscious of how i speak around her .
that positive language it's habit now .
speaking to women's health magazine, mel, who shot to fame as part of the spice girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that disgusting comments about her in the press led to her body issues .
i started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that i was underweight, she said .
i was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years .
trial of exathlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury .
jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an exuniversity of delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults .
jurors began deliberating the fate of 23yearold clay conaway on friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments .
a 21yearold woman says conaway raped her after she drove to his house in june 2018 .
the encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself .
she is among six women whom conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018 .
prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to conway forcing himself on her .
defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate .
to reduce the risks of disasters in chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram districts, studies are to be conducted with the technical assistance of the british embassy, revenue minister rb udhayakumar said .
studies will be conducted on behalf of the british embassy regarding reducing the risk of disasters in tamil nadu .
a forum for the officials of the concerned department was held in chennai yesterday .
the revenue minister rb udhyakumar participated and inaugurated the forum .
in the past, disaster management in tamil nadu has relied on relief works .
recently there has been a change in the approach to disaster management to include various elements such as evaluation of disaster risk, risk communication, disaster precaution, mitigation and immediate effective emergency relief measures .
based on this a tamil nadu disaster management vision plan has been released .
the tamil nadu government is implementing various disaster mitigation programmes to achieve the goals mentioned in this visionary scheme that is being developed according to the sendai framework .
furthermore, a government order has been released to carry on a field study to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation, under the technical cooperation entered between the indian government and the british high commission .
based on that, studies were planned to be undertaken to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation in cities with rapidly shrinking natural habitats and large coastal and urban populations such as chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram, jointly with the technical assistance of the british high commission .
if disaster risk reduction plans are devised based on this study, the number of lives lost during disasters will come down and damage to infrastructure will also be reduced .
thus the minister rb udhayakumar spoke .
prime minister modi visits chennai on the 30th .
the central security officers made an inspection as prime minister modi is scheduled to participate in the guindy iit convocation event .
the 56th convocation event of chennai iit is to be held on the coming 30th .
prime minister modi is the guest of honour at this event and he awards degrees to the students .
the prime minister arrives in a private jet from delhi and later goes to chennai iit in a helicopter .
the helipad at the chennai iit premises has been repaired for this .
intense security arrangements are being made for the prime minister's visit .
meanwhile, the personal security officers of the prime minister arrived in chennai yesterday and conducted an inspection .
they inspected the iit premises, auditorium, and the prime minister's resting hall .
the central intelligence wing warned 3 days ago that terrorists have targeted a few vips including the prime minister in the wake of the kashmir issue .
in such a sensitive situation, additional care has been taken for the prime minister's security .
the delhi officials also held discussions with the police of the tamil nadu security division regarding the security measures .
narendra modi visits chennai for the first time after being sworn in as prime minister for the second time .
so the tamil nadu bharatiya janata party cadres have planned to give him a grand reception .
but they may be banned for security reasons, it is said .
furthermore, the governor, as per the usual norms, along with the chief minister, important bjp executives and very few officials were planned to be allowed to welcome the prime minister .
after delivering his special address, prime minister modi will reach chennai airport in a helicopter and will go to delhi in a private jet .
people from the cinema industry have held discussions with minister kadambur raju in the secretariat regarding the sale of cinema tickets online .
the 2nd consultation meeting between the government, cinema producers and theatre owners regarding the sale of cinema tickets online in tamil nadu was held in the chief secretariat yesterday morning .
this meeting was presided by the tamil nadu minister for information and publicity, kadambur raju .
during his speech kadambur raju said “this project cannot be completed tomorrow .
it will be properly planned and implemented after hearing everyone's views” .
after the meeting actor sv sekar said .
this meeting was held on the subject of having a computerised ticketing facility in all theatres .
so that it will be possible to monitor the sales of all tickets through a single server .
hence, there will be transparency in the cinema industry .
the central government has passed a law mandating online ticket sales .
online ticket sales have been accepted by everyone in the industry .
using such practices, money in the cinema industry will be accounted for .
the fees and tax will obviously be visible .
and in case the government permits theatre owners to convert one theatre into four, multiple films will be released on the same premises .
while speaking to reporters, producer rajan said that the government of tamil nadu is committed to bringing this scheme in order to develop the cinema industry and for the welfare of the public .
the government is going to implement this scheme properly .
everyone should cooperate on this .
at the meeting it was insisted that the government should pass an order to convert theatres with a thousand seats to 4 theatres with 250 seats .
due to various processes including technical facilities needing to be updated, it is not possible to implement online ticket sales in tamil nadu before diwali, he said .
many including additional chief secretary niranjan mardi, chennai metropolitan development authority member karthikeyan, chief secretary of the department of housing and urban development department rajesh lakhoni, tamil nadu egovernance agency secretary santhosh mishra, chief secretary of the revenue department k balachandran, secretary for the tamil development and information department mahesan kasirajan, director of the news and public relations department p shankar, director for the department of urban development chandrasekar sakamuri, additional commissioner for land administration maheswari and tamil cinema producers and theatre owners participated in this meeting .
a lecher who sexually abused his sisterinlaw for four years at gunpoint was arrested .
a sisterinlaw should be considered as a mother .
but a lecher in gurugram near delhi has considered her a wife .
this incident took place in the bajghera area of gurugram .
this woman got married 9 years ago .
she was a mother of 2 children .
her husband's cousin's brother's house is also located near their house .
the women's husbands used to go to work in the morning and return in the evening .
the lecher made it a habit to sneak into the house in this gap .
at one stage he sexually abused the women pointing the gun he had .
he threatened to kill her husband and children if she brought up the matter .
in this situation, the women's husbands came to know about this matter .
shocked, he called the police control room and informed them .
subsequently, the police rushed to the area and arrested the lecher .
the police have filed a case under sections 376 and 506 of indian penal code .
in her statement to the police, the woman has said that because of the threat to kill her children, she did not bring up the matter .
video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted .
surrounded by the opera house, circular quay, luna park and of course the iconic harbour bridge, sydney harbour is the major contributor to the 219 billion sydney tourism pumps into australia's economy each year .
but beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth .
sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 olympicsize swimming pools of pollutants each year .
this horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest .
according to a new video, titled sydney harbour above and below, the waters around australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals all coming into the harbour from stormwater runoff .
but the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic .
i would call it a paradox, dr katherine dafforn, deputy director of the sydney harbour research program said in the video, which was released to coincide with world tourism day on september 27 .
it does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline .
the csiro estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains .
after we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour it's quite tragic, dr dafforn said .
two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater runoff .
but like an iceberg, the problem on sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean .
unless you spend time under the water, i don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there, richard nicholls, owner of dive centre manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year .
i think if more people knew what was under the water they would just be horrified .
overwhelmingly over half of everything we find is plastic bags .
the other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic .
when you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface .
jeremy brown, cofounder and managing director of the ocean protect, said there were ways people both locals and visitors alike could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways .
it has to start at the source, he said .
we have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans .
if we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean .
it absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source .
but we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple .
if we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves .
the video, which was funded by recycling company tomra as part of their broader efforts to educate australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month .
a new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the singleuse plastic waste problem .
the study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans .
many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to ecoanxiety .
archaeologists have found inscriptions of pandyas from the 13th century ad in the pond steps at kovanur near sivaganga .
the head of the ramanathapuram institute of archaeology v rajaguru and archaeologists kollangudi poet kalirasa and ramanathapuram m vimalraj undertook a field study at kovanur region in sivaganga district .
during that, 6 ancient inscriptions were found in the steps of the pond in kovanur .
after reading them all, inscription analyst vrajaguru said .
there are steps in the eastern shore of the pond at the entrance of kovanur and a feeding canal in the north .
in those steps of the pond ancient inscriptions containing a variety of information are seen as 6 pieces .
also, in another inscription a song of maravarman sundarapandiyan who ruled from ad 1216 to ad 1244 with madurai as capital, starting as “poomaruviya thirumatanthayum puvimadanthayaum” is present in 9 lines .
in this, details including the burning of tanjore and uraiyur and the demolition of the palace and hall were recorded .
these inscriptions contain details about thinaikkala nayagam, who manages the tax accounts of the government and the names of other government officials uzhakkudi muthan, veerapanjan, munayaththarayan, azhagana vaanavan, vizhayarayan and vandharayan are also inscribed .
the names of villages like mizhalai kootrathu naduvit kutru, keezh kutru, madhurothaya valanadu, keeranaur nadu, kaagnaiyirukkai and nallur, mizhalai kootrathu thachanur, pullurkkudi, madhurothaya valanattu purappatru and kaagnaiyirukkai uzhakkudi are also mentioned in these inscriptions .
symbols are used in these inscriptions to indicate the land extent of veli and iruma .
letters with long sounds are mostly not seen in the inscriptions .
a word neekki, neekki is seen as long sounding in one inscription and in another inscription is seen as short sounding as nikki, nikki .
apart from this, ancient black and red pottery tiles are found in abundance in this area .
the election for president is held in afghanistan today .
polling is held amidst heavy security .
the five year term of afghanistan's current president ashraf ghani ends this month .
so the presidential election is held today .
polling commenced in all the booths this morning .
right from the morning the public has waited in long queues and voted .
since there were violent attacks in several places during election campaign, additional security has been provided in the polling booths .
the spokesperson for the election commission said that polling has been peaceful throughout the country and it is happy to see that voters are interested in voting .
since many irregularities were reported during the elections held in 2014, it was decided to complete the elections before 20th april this year .
but the election was postponed successive times with the new voter census and the security situation cited as reasons .
presidential elections will be held in two rounds in afghanistan .
if none of the candidates wins a majority in the first round, there will be a contest between the top two candidates .
it should be noted that 18 candidates including the current president ashraf ghani independent and chief administrator abdulla abdulla afghanistan national alliance are in fray for the post of president .
ghana kaneshie traders support accra psychiatric hospital .
members of the kaneshie market association, yesterday donated food items worth gh¢ 30,000 to the accra psychiatric hospital, at a short ceremony in accra .
it forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the kaneshie markets complex .
the donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others .
the group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit .
in attendance was some management staff of the accra markets limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers .
presenting the items, madam mercy naa afrowa needjan, president of the greater accra regional market women association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility .
she noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society .
madam needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture .
receiving the items, dr pinnaman appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients .
she appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital .
thousands of devotees who gathered in rameswaram today for mahalaya new moon day offered alms to their ancestors .
the devotees, who took holy baths and offered alms in rameswaram, will offer alms to the ancestors every month on new moon day after fasting .
particularly the new moon day during the tamil months thai, aadi and purattasi are considered auspicious .
accordingly, today on the day of the mahalaya new moon, many people offered alms today to their ancestors at water bodies and at temples .
on account of mahalaya new moon day, thousands of devotees started thronging the kasi of south rameswaram, by train, bus and car right from yesterday .
today being new moon day, right from early morning, lots of devotees gathered at agni theertha in rameswaram and took a holy bath .
then they offered alms to their ancestors at the beach and worshipped .
after taking holy baths in the 22 theerthas, devotees worshipped ramanatha swami and parvathavarthini amman .
devotees waited in long queues to enter the temple .
everywhere in rameswaram there were crowds of devotees .
arrangements including drinking water facilities and bathroom facilities were made on behalf of the municipality for the devotees .
more than 500 police headed by the dsp of rameswaram mahesh took care of security .
similarly many devotees took holy baths on sethu beach near mandapam and offered alms to their ancestors .
the resignation decision of 17 ruling party mlas in karnataka has caused a storm .
the former speaker ramesh has passed an order disqualifying them .
this turmoil has caused the congress's janata dal secular rule to come to an end .
the rule ended as they failed to prove their majority, and ediyurappa of bjp became the chief minister .
rameshkumar has further ordered that the disqualified mlas cannot contest in elections during the current assembly's tenure .
opposing this order the 17 mlas went to the supreme court .
meanwhile, the election commission has released a notification that byelections will be held only for 15 constituencies in karnataka on october 15 .
former minister mr kannan has started a new party called the people's progressive movement in pondicherry .
today the former minister mr kannan has convened a meeting of his supporters at kamban auditorium in othiyan salai, pondicherry .
former minister mr kannan announced the launching of new party called makkal munnetra congress at that meeting .
this will bring about positive change in the state .
this will give the rights needed by the people .
it will strive for good governance in the state, he said .
the launching of his party coinciding with the byelections in kamarajarnagar constituency has caused a stir .
he served as the leader of puducherry youth congress, health minister in the farooq ministry and a speaker when vaithilingam served as the chief minister .
later he left congress and joined tamil maanila congress headed by moopanar .
he was also the home minister in the dmk–tmk alliance .
later he also left that and started his own party and again joined congress .
from that he joined anna dmk .
then he also left that and was in the sidelines .
now he has launched a new party .
tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer .
tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers .
medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves .
researchers found the same process happens in tasmanian devils and humans .
the discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients .
what do tasmanian devils and humans have in common? .
cancer cells that can turn invisible .
researchers, including from melbourne's peter maccallum cancer centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy .
it may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered tasmanian devil .
the study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as prc2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer .
this can be a major challenge in treating smallcell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as merkel cell .
'the huge significance from this project is that in patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead peter mac researcher mark dawson told aap .
existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as mhc, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells .
'potentially, this has farreaching implications for people with lung cancer,' prof dawson said .
'it's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe .
and we may be able to treat this in a far better way .
researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way .
'remarkably, exactly the same process happens in human and tasmanian devil cancers,' prof dawson said .
'thus far it's been very difficult to treat the tasmanian devil tumours .
but if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease' .
the building research organisation has advised the public to be cautious regarding landslide disasters .
the national building research organisation has warned the people to work cautiously regarding landslides that may be caused following severe rainfall .
this organisation has insisted the people in bulathsinhala, palallavida, maththukkama, agalawaththa, elpitiya, niyaakama, naagoda, imathuva and vaththekama regions to be cautious regarding landslides .
the organisation has advised people to be cautious about cracks on land, land caving in, unstable electric posts and trees, and also cracks on walls .
if such symptoms are seen, the national building research organisation has advised people to vacate those areas .
scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star .
scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 lightyears away from earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large jupiterlike planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf .
an artistic impression of the gas giant planet gj 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on september 26, 2019 .
stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them .
but in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on thursday .
the star, called gj 3512, is about 12 the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of jupiter, our solar system's largest planet .
yes, an absolute surprise, said astrophysicist juan carlos morales of the institute of space studies of catalonia at the institute of space sciences in spain, who led the research published in the journal science .
the discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that lowmass stars typically host small planets, similar to earth or small neptunes .
in this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to jupiter around a very small star, morales added .
the planet, which like jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the calar alto observatory in spain .
it travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days .
red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures .
gj 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35 bigger than jupiter .
they emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 degrees kelvin 6,380 degrees fahrenheit3,527 celsius approximately .
this is why they have a reddish color, morales said .
there is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the jupiterlike planet, morales said .
planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit .
under the leading model for planetary formation, called the core accretion model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas .
a competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system .
in this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold, morales said .
this makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear .
these clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet .
the order of the government of tripura banning the sacrifice of goats and hens in tripura has created a big stir .
the state government itself has declared in the court that the promise it was given during its merger with india in 1949 is being violated .
tripura which was ruled for by 184 rulers in 1355 years signed a pact with india expressing its willingness to merge with india .
the then queen of tripura, kanchan prava devi and the governor general of india signed this agreement .
the main feature of this agreement is that the financial assistance given by the government of tripura for 14 temples including the famous tripurasundari temple will continue .
sacrificing goats is a practice in the tripurasundari temple .
the government is also providing financial assistance for this .
the main condition of the merger agreement is that this should not be changed .
opposing this, one mr subash batterji filed a public litigation case in the tripura high court mentioning that sacrificing goats and hens with the financial assistance of the government hurts the feelings of the hindus .
the divisional bench magistrates sanjay karol and arindam lodh banned the sacrifice of goats and hens in places of religious worship .
the court also ordered the government not to provide financial assistance for these sacrifices .
the court has also served notice to the chief secretary of the state, all district magistrates and the police superintendents inviting their answers regarding this matter .
the court has also ordered that goats and hens could only be donated to the temples but should not be sacrificed all the temples should be monitored by installing cctv cameras .
now, the state government is to appeal in the supreme court against this ruling of the tripura high court .
the state government has informed that it will appeal in the supreme court pointing out that the tripura high court has rejected their argument that the promise made during their merger with india in 1949 should not be violated .
unemployed youth can apply for assistance .
young people who are unemployed after finishing their studies can apply for assistance, the collector of chennai district has informed .
the news release was given by the district collector sitalakshmi the tamil nadu governments assistance for unemployed young people is provided through the employment and career guidance center .
those who have completed qualifications like tenth standard fail, tenth standard pass, plus 2, diploma and degree and are waiting for more than five years without employment after registering in the employment office have to approach the district employment and professional guidance centre in santhome, chennai for financial assistance .
qualification for the applicants the applying applicants should have registered within 5 years and should be in live registers .
should be under 40 years of age, scheduled caste and scheduled tribes should be under 45 years of age .
the applicants should not be employed in private companies and should not be selfemployed .
deli worker accused of giving methlaced bean dip to coworker .
marion county sheriff's office cassandra medinahernandez, 38, is accused of giving methlaced bean dip to a coworker .
on thursday, 38yearold cassandra ani medinahernandez, of albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both class b felonies .
the charges stemmed from an incident that happened sept 9 at a thriftway grocery store in jefferson .
a 27yearold coworker of the suspect told marion county sheriff's deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw medinahernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by oregonlivecom .
the victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it, according to the affidavit .
when the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady .
she went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the albany democratherald .
police said that another thriftway employee said medinahernandez told her about placing drugs inside the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to the smoking gun .
oregonlive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows medinahernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down .
she then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish .
the item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said .
sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the oregon statesmanjournal .
medinahernandez is being held in the marion county jail in lieu of 520,000 bail .
her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to the smoking gun .
johnson hits back in prorogation row .
boris johnson's trip to the un general assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic supreme court ruling .
but his blistering commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse .
in the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are rté's europe editor in brussels, tony connelly, and london correspondent sean whelan in westminster .
candidates will win, dr anbumani ramadoss said .
the meeting of three forces convened by vanur assembly constituency pattali makkal katchi was held in a private marriage hall in pattanur, near vanur .
the party's state president gk mani presided over the meeting .
the president of the party's youth wing and mp dr anbumani ramadoss participated in the meeting and delivered the keynote speech .
during his speech he said .
anna dmk candidates will win by huge margins in the coming byelections for nanguneri and vikravandi assembly constituencies .
the government of tamil nadu should hold local body elections immediately .
this has been the demand of the people of tamil nadu .
central government should give up the hydrocarbon project in tamil nadu .
otherwise the pmk will hold protests .
also the government of tamil nadu should declare the cauvery delta region as a protected agricultural zone .
thus dr anbumani ramadoss spoke .
authorities investigating deadly crash in angeles national forest, body found cbs los angeles .
police were investigating a deadly crash in the angeles national forest thursday afternoon .
according to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the angeles forest highway and big tujunga canyon road .
initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time .
it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found .
due to low pressure prevailing at sea level in the southwest of the country, rainfall may increase moderately in eastern and central districts today .
the weather report released today morning by the meteorological department says that frequent rains or rainfall with thunder may occur in central and eastern districts and in ambanthottai and polanaruvai districts .
at a few places in these areas rainfall of more than 100 mm may be recorded .
in the other parts of the country rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in the evening or during the night .
in some places 50mm to 75 mm rainfall may be recorded .
the report has informed that there may be moderate rain in the morning in yazhpanam, mullaitivu and mannar districts .
people are advised to take necessary precautions to reduce the effects that may be caused by lightning strikes and heavy winds .
everybody's talking about jamie how to audition for the role of jamie new in the west end .
the west end's next big star could be out there right now and they don't even know it .
producers of everybody's talking about jamie are on the lookout for the next jamie new, and holding open auditions .
layton williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's uk tour, and the search is on for an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer to take over his role .
london auditions will take place on october 10 at the apollo theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song don't even know it, bringing a cv and headshot with .
there will be another audition on october 8 in sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week .
producer nica burns said thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the apollo .
we have found some fantastic young performers to join layton williams and shane richie on tour .
in the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new jamie .
williams, who started playing jamie new in february after original john mccrea, took to twitter to encourage all boys to send in their tapes .
the west end show has extended its run to august 29 2020, with the tour taking off in february .
the musical follows 16 year old jamie new, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress .
he may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star .
with the help of his mum and a local drag legend, loco chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight .
with music by dan gillespie sells and a book and lyrics by tom macrae, the show is inspired by bbc documentary, jamie drag queen at 16 .
vikram lander cannot be found, the american space research centre nasa has informed .
the indian space research organisation isro planned and launched a space craft mission chandrayaan2 to reach the southern polar region of the moon, which has not been explored by any country in the world so far .
chandrayaan2 vikram lander was expected to land slowly on the southern polar region of the moon on the 7th .
but the vikram lander lost communication when it was 21 kilometres from the landing site, which was a rude shock .
subsequently it was discovered that vikram lander made a hard landing, instead of the soft landing on four legs .
the images sent by chandrayaan2 orbiter confirmed that .
subsequently isro and the american space research organization nasa tried to restore communication with vikram lander again .
but the effort did not succeed .
with 14 days having passed, its life was over on the 20th .
meanwhile, nasa's satellite has photographed the site of vikram lander's hard landing .
however, nasa has informed that vikram lander could not be found .
the place of vikram lander cannot be seen in the images from the satellite .
nasa has said in its report that it may be hidden in the shadows .
in the best urbanisation programme held in bangalore, chennai municipality has been granted the award for giving the best service to people .
in the best urbanisation programme conducted on the past 25th jointly by the central housing and urban ministry and the smart cities council india, the sensory park constructed by the chennai municipality has been given the best award under the section for providing the best service to the public .
the host of this event, smart cities council, operates with its headquarters in washington and branches in europe, australia, new zealand and india .
this sensory park has been constructed at an estimate of 137 crores for the benefit of children with sensory processing issues, according to the world general design guidelines of chennai smart city project on 4th trust link road, teynampet zone of chennai municipality .
the special feature of this park is the sign boards that differently abled children can touch and feel .
this park has play equipment, a sensory notice board, wheelchairs for differently abled and specially abled children, an 8shaped infinite pathway with a foot healing floor, plants with fragrances, tactile sculptures and entertainment features .
this park has been very useful in capacity building, training and balancing the body condition of children with growth deficiencies .
this park has been constructed under the smart cities project fund and brought to use in december 2018, and has attracted various school children, children with growth deficiencies and the general public .
this park has various programmes for children such as awareness week for mentally disabled children and reading old stories .
on behalf of chennai municipality, deputy commissioner works m govinda rao received the award in a programme conducted on the 25th of last month in bangalore .
it should be noted that this park has been awarded the “best personality award” during the independence day event celebrated on august 15 last month .
raj cherubal chief executive officer of chennai smart city and executive engineer park pv srinivasan participated in this programme .
alfa laval wins sek 110 million natural gas order .
alfa laval a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the us the order has a value of approximately sek 110 million and is booked in the welded heat exchangers unit of the energy division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020 .
the order comprises alfa laval niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams ethane, propane and butane .
safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment .
our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry, says susanne pahlén åklundh, president of the energy division .
did you know that ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles? .
about alfa laval .
alfa laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling .
the company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes .
the solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol .
alfa laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications .
alfa laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena .
alfa laval is listed on nasdaq omx, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about sek 407 billion approx 40 billion euros .
the company has about 17 200 employees .
theni medical college's principal has informed that he is receiving threats following his complaint about impersonation in neet exams .
udit surya of chennai and his father dr venkatesan have been arrested for impersonation in neet exams and have been detained in madurai central jail .
when they were enquired by cbcid police, it was come to be known that a few more people joined in medical colleges by indulging in impersonation .
based on their information the cbcid police investigated 3 students from chennai .
during this enquiry, it was confirmed that those 3 students indulged in impersonation .
they were arrested by cbcid police .
the police were investigating them and their parents filing cases under sections of impersonation, preparing duplicate documents and conspiracy .
the police have sent notice to all neet coaching centres in tamil nadu .
the notice has asked them to send the list of students who passed the exam after studying in their centres .
also the police have sent a letter to the national testing agency in uttar pradesh to provide the list of students who applied from tamil nadu .
the medical college principal rajendran has made a complaint at kanavilakku police station seeking action against two professors velmurugan and thiruvenkadam working in theni medical college for helping student udit surya and for making changes in the attendance register .
he has also remarked in his complaint that he is receiving threats regarding the neet exam impersonation issue and requested security as he is receiving telephone threats .
royal family secrets surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the royal plane reveal .
as part of their royal duty, the royal family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime .
this is usually made easier by the royal plane a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances .
unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks .
aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the royal family can invite onboard any guests they wish including some unlikely passengers .
according to a recently premiered channel 5 documentary, the queen and prince phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the royal plane .
during the programme 'secrets of the royal flight', a former navigator of the queen's flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family .
bob shields said occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs .
it's no surprise that the queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for corgis .
from a young age queen elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned monarch .
in 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named monty, emma, linnet, willow and holly .
they were joined by five cocker spaniels bisto, oxo, flash, spick and span, and an additional four dachshundcorgi crossbreeds cider, berry vulcan and candy .
staff on board the royal plane certainly had their hands full .
the household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued shields .
i am delighted to say we never had one accident .
the programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the queen has been known to travel with while on duty .
according to the shows narrator for her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 the queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes .
to put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants .
however, the queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion .
reportedly the duchess of cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses .
former alabama congressman jack edwards dies at 91 .
retired 10term us rep jack edwards of alabama, who was in the first wave of deep south republicans, died friday .
his family said through a spokesman that edwards died at his home in fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
edwards was first elected to the us house in 1965 as part of the first wave of alabama republicans elected to congress as the party gained traction in the deep south .
he served 10 terms in congress .
in a statement released by his family, they said edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren .
my hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems, edwards said according to the family statement .
alabama gov kay ivey said edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity .
the governor said flags at the alabama capitol will be placed at halfstaff in his honor .
he was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for alabama .
our state has lost one of our finest, ivey said in a statement .
devotees donated 73 lakhs 24 thousand 501 rupees through charity boxes in ramanathaswamy temple in rameswaram .
after august 21, the temple employees opened the boxes in front of the shrines of ramanatha swamy, parvathavarthini amman and pancha moorthi and collected the donations .
then they counted the offerings in the temple marriage hall in the presence of the temple's joint commissioner kalyani .
many temple staff including the assistant divisional engineer mayilvaganan, manager murugesan, and superintendents balasubramani peshkars of kakkar annadurai, kalamanathan, kalaiselvan and kannan counted the offerings .
the devotees offered 73 lakh 24 thousand and 501 rupees in cash, 34 grams of gold and 1 kilo 495 grams of silver .
these offerings were deposited in the government bank on the order of the joint commissioner .
michelle obama calls meghan markle 'an inspiration' in adoring instagram .
michelle obama gave high praise to meghan markle in a sweet instagram on thursday, calling the duchess of sussex a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it .
the duchess and prince harry, now on a 10day royal tour of south africa with their baby son archie harrison mountbattenwindsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met obama foundation leaders .
thank you to my friend, her royal highness the duchess of sussex sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it, the former first lady wrote in her glowing post .
whether meeting with our obamafoundation leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many, obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling meghan posing with foundation leaders .
meghan interviewed obama for the september issue of british vogue, which the former suits actress guestedited .
in their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her .
being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go, obama said in the interview .
motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be .
not who i want them to be or who i wish i was at that age, but who they are, deep inside .
obama, who knows firsthand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with good housekeeping .
the pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot, she said .
so my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything .
i spent the first few months in the white house mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before i launched into any more ambitious work .
i think it's okay it's good, even to do that .
the 141st birth anniversary of thanthai periyar was celebrated on 1792019 from 6 pm to 8 pm at hunton in the state of virginia in america .
a photo of periyar was garlanded and it was held as a discussion on the topic “feminism respected by periyar” .
party general secretary doctor durai .
chandrasekaran presided and coordinated the event .
many thoughts were shared on the topic of women's rights .
we can see the women's rights that periyar wanted to see prevailing here .
even here the same situation of women being unable to become president prevails .
periyar is the leader who needs to be praised universally .
not the half in indian parliament .
what does the refusal to one third reservation to women show? .
thoughts about women's rights, education, employment opportunities, and periyar's contribution in caste abolition were proudly remembered .
engineer punniyaraj, mary, aruna, preethi, rasheetha, sophia, joel, kalaiselvi, ezhilvadivan and arivuponni shared their thoughts .
it was special that this programme gave the chance to remember periyar with gratitude, even though all are countries and continents apart, accepting periyar universally .
ruby manoharan has been announced as the dmkcongress alliance candidate for the nanguneri constituency for elections to be held in tamil nadu .
meanwhile, today the member for kanyakumari parliamentary constituency hvasanthakumar flew to tuticorin to commence his campaigning in nanguneri assembly constituency areas .
subsequently he met the reporters at the airport and said “many dmkcongress workers expressed their willingness to contest the nanguneri constituency .
a few had even said they would contest as independent candidates .
they would have said that out of interest .
however noone would contest as an independent candidate .
everyone will work together .
the central government cannot implement any kind of scheme under the sagarmala project in kanyakumari district .
environment and natural resources in a very small district like kanyakumari have to be protected .
so the construction of a new harbour in the sea in kanyakumari is not practically possible” .
trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint .
washington ap the washington alcoholic beverage control board has dismissed a request to review whether the local trump international hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character .
the agency ruled wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the district .
the washington post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a district law that says license applicants must be of good character .
the initial complaint filed last summer says president donald trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception .
it was killed because the license had already been granted .
the second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal .
as the 207 seats reserved in private medical colleges in tamil nadu for nonresident indians remain vacant, they are handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran filed a case in the madras high court seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came again for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer representing the medical council of india said “after three phases of counseling, if there are any vacancies, a list will be sent at the ratio of 10 students per seat .
but it is not clear if the seats were filled as per that list” .
furthermore, the tamil nadu government requested “the hon'ble court to pass suitable orders regarding filling of seats reserved for nonresident indians” .
the lawyer representing the petitioner alleges that “all the 207 seats were sold for a high amount to those who scored low marks” .
scandalhit cleveland police force branded the worst in britain in damning report the sun .
a scandalhit police force has been branded britain's worst by inspectors .
cleveland police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley says cleveland police force has seen 'significant deterioration' .
the force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded .
the report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley said there has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection .
chief constable mike veale quit in january after less than a year while facing an investigation into serious but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour .
assistant chief constable adrian roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct .
last year det insp simon hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex .
he quit the force .
tees valley's tory mayor ben houchen said this is official validation that the force is broken .
it's now time for the home office to intervene .
chief constable richard lewis said improvements have been made and i take full responsibility for driving through change .
nancy pelosi william barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course .
you never know where we're going next .
now, i think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate, pelosi said in an interview with cnn on capitol hill .
they will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts, she said .
a white house transcript released this week showed that trump asked ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate former vice president joe biden, a 2020 candidate, and biden's son .
trump also asked zelensky to work with barr and his personal lawyer, rudy giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed .
trump has denied he did anything improper .
cnn reported on thursday that justice department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding trump's conduct involving ukraine more than a week before the formal referral .
after receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the doj determined that trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation .
asked if barr should testify, pelosi said friday the intelligence committee will decide who to call as witnesses .
but she added that she believes barr has gone rogue .
he has for a long time now .
since barr was mentioned in all of this, pelosi said, referring to trump's mention of his attorney general on the july call with ukraine's leader .
it's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled .
pelosi said she's very worried about the whistleblower's sources, whom trump attacked on thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently .
i think what the president said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous .
our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding revealing wrongdoing in our government, pelosi said, adding, for the president to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government .
on tuesday, pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain .
the phone call was included in a complaint publicly released thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged trump abused his powers to solicit interference from ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election .
the whistleblower also alleged that white house lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for cabinetlevel officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information .
christian benteke crystal palace striker faces driving ban for speeding .
premier league star christian benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months .
the crystal palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the a3 in richmond, south west london, on january 20 .
the belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in putney, south west london, in march .
benteke, of kingston hill, surrey, is not required to be present at lavender hill magistrates' court this morning .
he pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of july under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone .
ghana kofi manu concerned over structure of vetting committee .
mr kofi manu, a football administrator and an official of sekondi hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the vetting committee for the upcoming ghana football association gfa elections .
he questioned the inclusion of the committee's chairman, mr frank davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion .
mr manu in an interview with the gna sport said, he had doubts the chairman of the committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process .
the vetting committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before .
for instance, mr davies was contracted by the nc as a lawyer to write to osei kwaku palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment .
he is also a known olympics supporter .
for these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest, he argued .
mr manu said there would be conflict of interest on the chairman's part if mr fred pappoe, a director of olympics appear before the committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards mr palmer if he appeared before the committee .
members of the committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on october 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the gfa secretariat in accra on thursday september 19 .
the chairman of the committee is mr frank davies with corporate governance consultant and legal practitioner, mrs marian barnor and mr emmanuel darkwah as members .
other members are mr reginald laryea, marketing and business executive and mr richard akpokavie, a sports administrator and legal practitioner .
with roopa gurunath selected as the president of the tamil nadu cricket association, it was said that the son of a former dmk minister had also tried for that post .
as per the recommendations made by the lodha committee, several reforms were being made in the indian cricket board and in state cricket associations .
the lodha committee recommends that a person cannot hold a post more than twice continuously and those above 70 years can also hold posts .
accordingly the incumbents in the tamil nadu cricket association were unable to continue .
and new people had to be selected .
there were reports that the son of former dmk minister ashok sigamani made moves to capture the post of tamil nadu cricket association president but that effort was stalled by seenivasan of india cements .
so ashok sigamani opted for the post of vice president, with no other option .
he runs a childcare hospital in kk nagar, chennai and is the younger son of ponmudi .
ashok sigamani has been an avid cricket fan since his school days .
at one stage he even tried to enter into the indian cricket team .
it is said that it is due to the efforts of india cements' seenivasan, the president and members of tamil nadu cricket association were selected without elections .
it was said that ponmudi's son ashok sigamani would have given seenivasan's daughter roopa a tough fight, in case elections were held .
he was silent only upon the peace pact from seenivasan's side letting ashok sigamani hold the post of vice president of the tamil nadu cricket association .
a case has been filed to hand over the tamil inscription images from the mysore inscription department to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
27 the madurai bench of the madras high court passed an order directing the central archaeology department to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols taken from inscriptions in tamil nadu .
the petition filed by manimaran of madurai the inscription department in mysore is controlled by the central archaeology department .
ancient inscriptions and historical documents in india are being preserved there .
the image documents including the tamil inscriptions here serve as a source to scientifically confirm the history of the tamils .
further, the tamil inscriptions have been copied through ink copy and documented there .
in this context, when the office of the department of inscription of mysore was shifted from the old building to the new building, the inscription images of most of the ancient tamil inscriptions were damaged .
the inscriptions there should have been properly maintained, published as books and should have been documented electronically .
but the documents related to tamil nadu that were kept in mysore were not properly protected .
hence, a situation arises where the future generations will not be able to know about the history and traditions of the tamils .
so he has requested to hand over the inscription images from the inscription department of karnataka to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
the case came for hearing before a bench comprising sivagnanam and r dharani .
during the hearing the judges ordered to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols of tamil nadus's inscriptions and adjourned the hearing to october 22 .
tipuric issues rallying call ahead of aussie showdown .
justin tipuric says it is time to perform when wales face a world cup showdown against australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament .
victory for wales against the wallabies would install them as redhot favourites to win pool d and secure a likely quarterfinal appointment with france or argentina .
but if australia beat wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send tipuric and company hurtling towards a lasteight clash against england .
there is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group, wales flanker tipuric said .
there have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them australia .
i think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win .
before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one .
now we are here, it's time to perform, really .
wales have only claimed one victory against australia, new zealand or south africa in world cup history and that was 32 years ago in a thirdplace playoff when they toppled the wallabies .
and their overall record under head coach warren gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights .
wales halted a 13test losing sequence at australia's hands last november, with tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 96 success who run out at tokyo stadium on sunday .
asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, tipuric added it's tough to say .
those games are so tight, there is maybe people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, i don't know .
in the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was .
if wales are to triumph, then tipuric's battle at the breakdown with australia's revered backrow double act michael hooper and david pocock will be crucial .
the 67 timescapped tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming .
they are absolutely worldclass sevens, he said .
when you play against worldclass backrowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game .
those two are consistently up there with the best in the world .
you know what type of game you are going to be in for .
pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively and michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time .
you would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a backrow that isn't as good .
you want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form .
i wouldn't say that sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this world cup .
momentum is an important part of it .
if you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat .
danger of chennai being submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
27 the interim government panel for climate change has warned that coastal cities including kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai face the danger of getting submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
the ipcc, which has done research for united nations climate change, has released the research report .
it has mentioned that at the end of this century the himalayas will melt rapidly and sea levels will rise significantly .
hence there will be a danger of the 4 cities kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai getting submerged in the sea .
at the same time many parts of north india will face very severe water shortages .
sea levels are rising faster than before .
around 14 billion people will be affected due to this in the year 2100 .
due to a rise in water levels up to 50 cm, apart from the 4 coastal cities in india, 45 port cities around the world are in danger of getting submerged in floods .
since this danger is on the rise every year, low lying coastal cities and small islands are in a very dangerous situation .
furthermore, if emergency measures are not taken to reduce global warming, sea temperatures will rise causing marine life to become extinct .
there will not be sea foods universally .
more cyclones are likely to develop .
during the years 1982 to 2016, there has been a twofold increase in sea temperatures .
thus it was mentioned in the research report .
eastenders spoilers ben kisses callum after whitney's bombshell .
the sizzling tension between callum highway tony clay and ben mitchell max bowden is set to explode once more in eastenders as a sudden bombshell from whitney dean shona mcgarty leaves callum thrown and leads him back into the arms of his lover .
but will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment? .
since callum helped to save ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling bobby beale clay milner russell, he and ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with callum recently telling ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side .
tonight, whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left .
it's clearly done her the world of good to get away from walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husbandtobe had cheated on her .
as she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with callum .
but soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling .
as callum reacts badly, jay mitchell jamie borthwick is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the queen vic .
drunk and emotional, callum marches round to ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him .
ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to callum and before long, callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss .
but where will they go from here? .
the couple will attempt a date next week but after ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards .
but after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident callum is determined to fight for what he wants and deserves .
eastenders airs the kiss on friday 27th september at 830pm on bbc one .
'total panic' as white house struggles to find impeachment footing .
white house officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed democratic impeachment push thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of total panic over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality .
there appears to be rising anxiety, unease, and concern as one person close to the white house described the mood in the west wing that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him .
there's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there, this person said .
white house officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply this doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle, the person quipped .
another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the white house as shellshocked, with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become unmanageable .
that concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more impulsive behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry .
that's sparking worries that trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment .
with his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during robert mueller's russia investigation .
he tried to downplay his request for the ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by democrats and presidential contender joe biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives .
but while many in the white house are battletested from the mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said .
for a president whose brand is viewed as strength, wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation .
while trump relished questions on the russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about ukraine, they said .
some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of the controversial call in question between president trump and ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskiy a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility .
and, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense .
but one republican strategist close to the white house points out that the president's base approval ratings are already skyhigh and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters .
there is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment, particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle .
another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be .
worried white house officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team .
with the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war roomstyle effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans .
but there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given democratic impeachment efforts, that person said .
the lack of a longterm strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when secretary of state mike pompeo and treasury secretary steve mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing trump's call with the ukrainian president and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation .
it is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by robert mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments one person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is corey lewandowski, trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter .
but lewandowski told nbc news it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort .
for the last five years, i've done everything i can to support the president and his agenda, he said, but i have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative .
trump's outside lawyer from the mueller investigation, jay sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts .
we will deal with matters as appropriate, sekulow said when reached by nbc news for comment .
the white house currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that emmet flood, who worked on the clinton impeachment and guided the white house through the end of the mueller investigation, has left, with current white house counsel pat cipollone lacking that type of experience .
one source familiar with the white house strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all handsondeck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said .
the meteorological department in its weather report released today morning has predicted rain with thunder in most parts of the country .
there may be rain or rain with thunder in the evening or night in most parts of the country .
a few places in sabaragamuwa, central and uva districts may receive up to 75 mm of rainfall .
areas lying beyond the coast in eastern district may receive moderate rain in the morning .
royal caribbean explorer of the seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed .
the explorer of the seas, part of the royal caribbean international family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer .
following an impressive 110 million £89 million revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family .
this summer the explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across italy and greece, giving passengers a taste of mediterranean europe .
however, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea .
offering something for everyone, the explorer's new 110m or roughly £89,000,000 boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape .
impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema .
however, possibly the most groundbreaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside .
for the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark .
islandstyle hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrillseekers onboard .
appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations .
for the little ones, the kid's adventure ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s .
if that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glowinthedark laser tag at the ship's studio b, which impressively doubles as an iceskating rink .
while sailing the mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard .
updated asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new giovanni's italian kitchen .
other eateries onboard include chops grille american steakhouse, boleros latin bar, schooner bar and johnny rockets express .
with a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from rome in may 2020 .
as royal caribbean's second european ship, it will join allure of the seas which has also recently undergone a jawdropping transformation .
following the allure's 58day makeover, which totalled a whopping 165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus 300 worth of onboard spending money .
according to the cruise operator explorer of the seas is the fourth ship in the voyager class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's royal amplified fleet modernisation effort .
an investment of more than 1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning oneofakind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife .
devin nunes accuses democrats of wanting 'nude pictures of trump' .
congressman devin nunes rcalif apparently can't bare the thought of president donald trump being investigated .
and in his defense of the president on thursday, he accused democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president .
nunes, the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that trump sought ukrainian help in investigating democratic presidential candidate joe biden and his son .
the congressman called the ukraine scandal a grotesque spectacle created by the left and their media assets before claiming the democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff .
democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of trump, nunes said .
people can reasonably ask why the democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance .
after nunes finished his dressingdown, huffpost senior political reporter jennifer bendery decided to find out if democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this .
so far, only connecticut rep jim himes d has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well .
mediaitecom suspects nunes' clothingoptional comments were a reference to some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details that supposedly appear in the controversial steele dossier .
that's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against trump compiled by former british spy christopher steele that mentions the possible existence of a pee tape, which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in golden showers in a moscow hotel room .
there has been a stir as a statement from theni medical college principal rajendran contradicts a statement from student udit surya, who has been arrested for impersonation fraud in neet exams .
dr venkatesan is from tondiarpet in chennai .
he is a doctor in stanley medical college, chennai .
there was a complaint that his son was involved in a neet exam impersonation fraud .
after conducting enquiry in this regard, the cbcid police arrested student udit surya and his father dr venkatesan .
the investigation revealed that udit's father venkatesan paid rs 20 lakhs, made another student write the exam and admitted his son to medical college by means of fraud .
following this udit surya and his father were produced in court and were put in prison .
in this context, the cbcid police investigated theni medical college principal rajendran earlier before investigating udit surya regarding the neet exam impersonation .
there is a difference in his statement to the cbcid police and udit surya's statement .
in his explanation, theni medical college principal rajendran said that the person in the hall ticket was present during admission .
and the student admission was done based on that .
so the same person who wrote the neet exam was present during counselling and admission and udit surya was present only in the college classes, said the principal .
but udit surya has informed in his statement that he was directly present during counselling and student admission .
how did udit surya secure admission in the college using the hall ticket with the photo of an impersonated person? .
how it was unnoticed during counselling and admission? .
these are the questions raised now .
now the investigations reveal that the student udit surya has given the profile containing his photo to the medical college during admission .
the photos in that and the hall ticket are different .
also the statement of the student udit surya and the statement made by theni medical college principal rajendran to the cbcid police are different .
so the cbcid police have started investigation with higher officials also .
the mysteries will be solved only if the results are revealed .
whoever is involved will become known .
mr sarath pawar gave a stirring interview declaring he will not bow to the central government, and also announced he will appear before the enforcement department tomorrow, in connection with a cooperative bank scam case .
the state treasury suffered a loss of rs 25 thousand crores due to malpractices at the maharashtra cooperative bank in 2007 .
this loss is said to have been caused by granting loans to sugar factories and spinning factories violating the norms .
regarding this scam, the mumbai police have framed charges against a senior official of the nationalist congress party, former deputy chief minister mr ajit pawar and 70 other people as per the order of the bombay high court .
this includes political leaders, former executives of the cooperative bank and officers .
in a sudden twist in this case, the enforcement department has filed a case on ajit pawar and nationalist congress party president sarath pawar on the basis of the case filed by the police .
sharad pawar is a former chief minister and also served as a minister in the central government led by congress .
with the elections for maharastra assembly scheduled on the 21st of next month october, this move by the enforcement department has caused a stir .
in this backdrop the president of the nationalist congress party mr sharad pawar spoke to news reporters in mumbai .
i thank the enforcement department for including me in this case, even though i am not a member or a deciding authority .
there is nothing surprising about this move .
i will be mostly out of mumbai for campaigning in my assembly constituency .
so the enforcement department would misunderstand me as being in hiding .
i am going to the enforcement department office on friday tomorrow .
and also provide them the information they need .
it is their right to enquire about the case .
i believe in the constitution .
so i will fully cooperate with the investigation .
maharashtra follows the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj .
we don’t know how to bow before the throne of delhi .
the maharashtra chief minister mr devendra patnavis has denied the allegations of political interference in this case .
regarding this he said .
the high court has ordered the police to file a case in this regard when the fraud is to a scale of rs 100 crores, the enforcement department will enquire that case .
so the enforcement department has become involved this case .
it is wrong to say that this move is for political reasons .
potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions .
while electric cars and tesla semitrucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy airplanes .
but a professor at the university of alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel .
dr david bressler is a professor at the university of alberta in the faculty of agricultural, life environmental sciences who began this project in 2003 .
his lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil .
unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleumbased fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process .
the technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleumbased fuels .
what our technology did in the first generation, bressler said is actually make the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline .
while this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to destabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem .
the problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch22, bressler said .
it's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements .
bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel .
the first being a lowrisk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen .
the second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures .
we can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit, bressler said about the second option .
that one's a higher risk .
the university of alberta spinoff company forge hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the canadian and american militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option .
they can see a future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax, he said .
they want an alternative in place that is a fallback position .
currently, forge runs a pilot plant near edmonton's waste management centre and recently acquired a us4 million investment from lockheed martin to support the construction of a 25million production facility to be located in sombra, ontario .
the facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year .
bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher .
as a technology guy, bressler said .
my job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with .
the high court decided yesterday to review the fundamental right petition filed by the obstetrician and gynaecologist dr sehu sihabdeen of kurunakal doctrine hospital .
this petition is to be taken up by the high court on 24th january .
it should be noted that the doctor shabi has filed a fundamental right petition objecting his arrest and detention by the criminal investigation department under various charges including doing illegal contraceptive surgery and collection of funds by improper means .
boris johnson's allies warn britain faces lastyle riots if brexit is reversed as pm calls for calm .
a senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the original result .
the prime minister's senior allies warned the uk faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in france over economic inequalities and los angeles riots in 1992 .
mr johnson said tempers need to come down in the furious row over political language but insisted he won't stop using the word surrender .
despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told the times in this country we never had the gilets jaunes yellow vests or the la riots in 1992 .
people don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before .
now they have a model gilets jaunes they have encrypted phones to coordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people .
riots in erupted in los angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver rodney king in 1992 .
earlier this year, antigovernment french protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of paris for more than six weeks .
the minister pointed to mr johnson's warning in the commons that there would be a catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system if britain failed to leave the eu .
if we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy, said the minister .
even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their mp and not let it go .
it doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street .
a senior cabinet minister added that country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one .
mr johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle brexit .
it has been reported he is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu instead .
pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder .
women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away .
it takes too long, people forget, said farzana bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the highprofile baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved .
though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the human rights commission of pakistan found at least 300 cases of honour killing in 2018 .
many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the honour based violence awareness network estimating that pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year .
prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of india .
india's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot .
normally the monsoon in north india recedes by the beginning of september, but the average rainfall this month has been 37 above normal .
if the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the india meteorological department .
many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of pune in western india, where torrential rain on wednesday and thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings .
homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon .
other cities such as kolkata, lucknow and hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall .
uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains .
the monsoon was also late to arrive .
many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought .
the extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers .
this amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year .
it is making my vegetables i've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment rot, said prakash mehra, a small farmer in bhimtal in uttarakhand .
for consumers, the impact of the delayed and now latereceding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in indian food .
onions are selling at 80 rupees about £1 a kilo in cities such as delhi and mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees 23p .
festivals are also at risk .
the next big festival is dussehra on 8 october, when hindus erect giant, comic bookstyle effigies of ravana, a figure from the hindu epic the ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin .
burning ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil .
but given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, ravana might have the last laugh .
how would the environment of a government hospital be if it is used for multiple facilities such as a bus stop, free car park, public toilet and meeting ground for political parties? .
this is the plight of the government hospital in uthangarai, in krishnagiri district .
this is an important government hospital where 1000 to 1200 patients are treated everyday .
in the areas that surround hospitals, many rules need to be followed, such as avoiding excessive noise and pollution .
with nobody following these rules, the uthangarai government hospital is in an awful state .
government and private buses are parked just near the entrance of the hospital .
even though the bus stop is near the hospital, the buses are parked near the entrance .
those buses create noise pollution .
the conductors' shouting adds to the woes .
the government hospital entrance is also the shelter for private ambulances .
so there is always traffic congestion in front of the entrance .
tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon, minister of revenue and disaster management rb udhayakumar said in trichy .
minister rb udhayakumar, who came to trichy to take part in various programmes, spoke to reporters .
other states except tamil nadu face the southwest monsoon .
the northeast monsoon commences in the month of october in tamil nadu and lasts for three months .
during this monsoon, if the low pressure bays formed on the surface of the sea gather momentum, there are chances that there may be cyclone landfall .
considering the impact of the previous cyclones, tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon during the current year .
4,393 areas are found to be prone to risks .
among these, places where water stagnates up to 5 feet were listed as most dangerous .
12 coastal districts in the state have a possibility of being affected by cyclones .
121 special centres have been set up in these districts to provide a safe shelter to the public .
apart from these, marriage halls, schools and community centres in other districts are also instructed to be kept ready .
rs 148 crores have been allocated for rescue works .
the state disaster force in these districts is also in a state of preparedness .
due to the precautionary measures taken by the government, not a single fisherman died during cyclone gaja .
instead there were losses of lives due to wall collapses and electrocution .
adequate precautionary measures are being taken this year to avoid even these such casualties .
along with rescue works, relief, rehabilitation and restructuring works are also going on .
accordingly, steps have been taken to issue pattas to 110 lakh people who have lost their homes and build houses in the districts of pudukkottai, tanjore, nagapattinam and thiruvarur which were affected by cyclone gaja .
thus the minister spoke .
due to the rains in the past few days, the lake in lord muruga temple in tiruttani is full .
saravana poigai lake is located near the steps that lead to the hill temple .
the devotees, after taking a holy bath in this lake, will walk through steps and worship .
in addition to this, during the annual aadi krithigai festival, a three day raft festival is celebrated in this lake .
since there was no water in the holy lake during the aadi krithigai festival last month, the lake was filled with water from tractors with the help of temple management, volunteers and devotees .
the function was held after that .
in this scenario, due to heavy rains during the last few days in tiruttani town, saravana poigai lake is full and the surplus water is overflowing now .
after a period of four years, the holy lake is overflowing only now .
district collector mr p ponnaiah has said that farmers can make more profit by choosing the fast growing tilapia fish .
in a press release regarding this he said .
farmers growing fish in farm ponds can select geneticallyenhanced tilapia fish they grow faster and are more profitable than other fish .
more tilapia fish can be kept and grown in less area compared to other fishes .
these fish are more immune and can grow faster than other fish .
also consumers want this fish more than other fish .
so farmers are requested to select these geneticallyenhanced fish and get more profit by growing them .
tilapia fish seeds are ready for sale throughout the year at the government fish farm located near krishnagiri dam .
farmers can buy and grow these fish .
farmers growing these fish have to erect safety fencing around their fish farms and due care should be taken to prevent these fish from spreading to the nearby water bodies .
they have to register their farms in kanchipuram district fish growers’ development camp first and then start growing the fish .
further details can be obtained in person at the office of the assistant director, fisheries department, east coast road, neelangarai, kanchipuram district or by calling 04424492719 .
a memorandum of understanding has been signed between three parties to conduct dna tests on human bones found in keezhadi .
the archaeology department of tamil nadu, madurai kamaraj university and harvard medical school have signed a memorandum of understanding to conduct dna tests on bones that were obtained during excavation of the sites at keezhadi, konthagai and adichanallur in tamil nadu .
the executive secretary and commissioner of the archaeology department t udhayachandran said .
the archaeology department, madurai kamaraj university and the david reich lab of harvard medical school will jointly sign a memorandum of understanding to take up the research .
we are hopeful of finding more ancient human bones in our future archaeological excavations in konthagai, keezhadi and adichanallur .
these samples will be sent for dna research .
this will reveal the genes that were found in the human bones excavated in tamil nadu .
heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke .
working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests .
that was the case for a group of japaneseamerican men in hawaii who were followed for more than three decades .
compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found .
this study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors, said study coauthor dr beatriz rodriguez .
she's a professor of geriatric medicine at the university of hawaii at manoa .
the findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on oahu who took part in the kuakini honolulu heart program .
because only men of japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted .
since pesticides have a long halflife, their effects on health may show up years after exposure .
in this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure .
after following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant, rodriguez said in a news release .
this was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life .
researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke .
the zelenskytrump phone call poroshenko weighs in .
it was an explosive week in washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against us president donald trump .
for political novice volodymyr zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid .
but what do we know so far about the zelenskytrump affair and will it have farreaching effects for the former? .
quite early on in the phone call, trump tells zelensky that the us is doing more for ukraine than other european countries .
although the calls notes released by the white house is not verbatim, it details trump taking a hit at german chancellor angela merkel that the german leader and other european counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals .
it was zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with trump 100, rather 1000 .
zelensky added that both the french president macron and merkel are not working enough to assist ukraine .
this exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within ukraine, talking on social media .
petro poroshenko, ukraine's former president, took to twitter to say that the support provided by the eu has been unprecedented .
in other tweets, poroshenko said that he was grateful for the eu support provided during russian aggression, which included sanctions and economic aid .
others expressed their concern, with ukranian politician victoria voytsiska saying how could we speak to germany and france again? .
trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims one into joe biden's son hunter but also into the hacked dnc server, suggesting that ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the democrat's emails during the 2016 election .
whether this will hinder european relations, or burn bridges with his french and german counterparts, is unclear .
i don't want to say anything bad about anyone .
we thank everyone who helps us, zelensky said in new york at the un general assembly following the release of the phone transcript .
zelensky is set to meet the leaders of russia, germany, and france in the upcoming normandy four summit in october .
previously dormant black holes may suddenly become active and swallow the stars that pass nearby .
if a black hole becomes a shining atomic nucleus it is called a quasar .
the scientists in baltimore observatory in america have seen six of these quasars .
the scientists are also surprised that this phenomenon, which should have taken thousands of years, wass over within six months .
the reason for growing many trees is that they absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and release oxygen .
but a bbioreactor device namely eos created by hypergiant industries absorbs as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees .
it is an algae called chlorella vulgaris, grown inside the eos bioreactor that looks like a refrigerator, that absorbs the carbon dioxide .
the prime minister narendra modi made a speech on the radio programme 'maan ki bath' .
during the speech, prime minister narendra modi conveyed his wishes for navaratri and also requested the people to make this 150th birth anniversary of gandhi a special one and free this country from singleuse plastic .
modi spoke tobacco affects brain growth and injures health, so we should try to avoid that .
ecigarettes have been banned recently as they contain harmful chemicals .
the public don’t have enough awareness about this .
young peope should stay away from ecigarettes .
there has been a misconception that ecigarettes are harmless .
unlike normal cigarettes, heating liquids containing nicotine in ecigarettes produces a kind of chemical smoke this can be detrimental to the health .
ghana wins two icao awards .
ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th international civil aviation organisation icao assembly in montreal, canada .
the safety award was in recognition of ghana obtaining africa's highest score in aviation safety oversight after scoring a provisional effective implementation ei rate of 8989 percent .
this was after icao concluded its coordinated validation mission icvm on april 3, 2019, in line with the united nations aviation agency's universal safety oversight audit programme .
the award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the icao's recommended standards and protocols on security at the airport and ghana's airspace .
the awards scheme was established in support of the icao's no country left behind initiative .
additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of icao who had improved upon their safety and security standards .
present to receive the awards for ghana was the minister of aviation, joseph kofi adda director general of the ghana civil aviation authority, simon allotey ghana's ambassador to canada, nii ayikoi otoo and the managing director of the ghana airport company limited, yaw kwakwa .
the president for the international civil aviation organisation, olumuyiwa benard aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space .
he said it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities .
on his part, mr adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance .
he further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying aviation holds a lot to transform our lives .
the socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve .
in the midst of the united nations general assembly meeting held yesterday in new york, prime minister modi held a discussion with the member countries of the caribbean community and common market caricom .
during this meeting modi announced financial assistance of 14 million usd for caribbean community and common market community development projects and a loan of 150 million usd for schemes related to solar, renewable energy and climate change .
prime minister modi also announced the setting up of the regional centre for excellence in information technology in georgetown and the setting up of the regional vocational training centre in belize .
caricom is a federation of 20 nations in the caribbean islands, ie the west indies .
they work together to build economic and political community, to design policies for the region and to promote economic growth and trade .
during his welcome address for the leaders of the west indian islands, prime minister modi said, “i welcome your interest in participating in this meeting .
india is fighting against some important issues of today such as climate change and poverty .
with today's meeting, india joins caricom countries in fulfilling today's needs and future aspirations with mutual cooperation .
i hope that we all put forward important recommendations from our part,” prime minister modi said .
the caribbean islands are located in the americas region .
a few of these islands are surrounded by caribbean islands .
a few islands are surrounded by caribbean islands on one side and on the other side by the north atlantic ocean .
these islands are located in the southeast bay regions of mexico, east of central america and north of south america .
it consists of around 700 islands .
though these islands are located very close to america, economically they are still developing .
a considerable number of peope of indian origin live on these islands .
in this context india has made this financial assistance to the caribbean countries .
trump nominates peter gaynor to be fema chief white house .
federal emergency management agency fema acting administrator peter gaynor smiles as he testifies before a senate appropriations homeland security subcommittee hearing on fema's fy2020 budget request on capitol hill in washington, us, april 3, 2019 .
washington reuters us president donald trump nominated peter gaynor on thursday to head the federal emergency management agency fema, the white house said in a statement .
gaynor, fema's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires .
the agency has been without a senateconfirmed administrator since march, when brock long left the post .
long resigned after the department of homeland security, under which fema falls, concluded long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between washington and his home in north carolina .
a different nominee for the job, jeffrey byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl .
gaynor's nomination to the post was expected .
he will require a majority of the senate to approve the nomination to take the job .
before becoming fema's deputy administrator in 2018, gaynor worked in emergency management in rhode island and was a marine, the white house said .
even after many rounds of talks between tamil nadu and karnataka regarding the cauvery issue there is no success, central minister nitin gadkari has informed .
the 34th convocation of vit university was held yesterday at katpadi in vellore district .
the central road transport minister nitin gadkari participated in that event as a special invitee .
his speech goes on like this apart from the generation of electricity from wind mill and solar energy, the scheme to convert sea water into drinking water is also planned to be implemented .
we are considering the generation of electricity from windmills at a low cost in tuticorin, kandla and paradeep ports .
if this scheme is implemented, electricity can be generated at a cost of rs 250 per unit .
to prevent 3000 tmc waste water entering into sea from godavari in andhra pradesh, we have devised a plan at a cost of 6 thousand crore rupees and implemented that .
but many rounds of talks with tamil nadu and karnataka to implement water conservation schemes have not yielded results .
there will not be any issue between tamilnadu and karnataka if cauvery waste water entering the sea is stopped .
so far there has been no improvement in the cauvery issue through dialogue, .
thus gadkari spoke .
following this, gadkari participated in laying the foundation stone for coir bodies started in 13 states, held on behalf of coir board .
when gadkari left the venue the bjp cadres shouted “bharat mata ki jai,” as usual .
meanwhile the supporters of vellore dmk mp kathir anand, who were present there, shouted long live periyar .
seeing this, gadkari left the venue, smiling .
police shut down illegal marijuana vaping operating in san gabriel valley cbs los angeles .
el monte cbsla police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the san gabriel valley thursday .
the bust happened at about 437 pm after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil concentrated cannabis oil at an office building in the 9600 block of telstar avenue .
lt christopher cano with the el monte police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges .
the process is very dangerous, cano said .
cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable .
simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration, he said .
and if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion .
a hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance .
the value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known .
detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation .
investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation .
they said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant .
while the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping .
this is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying, cano said .
this could be mixed with other harmful chemicals .
it could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations .
elizabeth i's lost dress to go on display at hampton court palace .
it was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies .
to eleri lynn, curator of the dress collection at historic royal palaces, that meant only one thing .
the faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of elizabeth i .
three years after lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in bacton, herefordshire, elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at hampton court palace, close to the very rooms where the tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago .
it is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16thcentury dress survives .
and while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe .
cloth of silver, a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the virtuoso quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners .
the gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a tudor mansion .
in addition, said lynn, in the 1590s, late in elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric .
it's a big thing to say, so i have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it .
and it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a wow moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress .
the long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of st faith's, bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear .
bacton was the home hamlet of blanche parry, the closest of elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with parry .
though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe elizabeth must have given it to the parry family or the parish in blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603 .
after more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the rainbow portrait, one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by hatfield house for the duration of the exhibition .
when you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them, said libby thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the hampton court grounds the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries .
looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it .
i have never worked on anything that's quite so elite .
the lost dress of elizabeth opens on 12 october at hampton court palace .
the incident of a student named udit surya joining in theni medical college by impersonation has come to light .
following this he has been arrested by the cbcid police along with the family .
following this the verification process of student images has been intensified in all medical colleges .
in this situation, a difference between the old and present images of students jothika and siva ramachandran of psg medical college, coimbatore was found .
subsequently an enquiry was made by the medical college department .
the interview given by the director of medical college narayana babu, to the reporters today .
we received a complaint on 23rd that there is slight difference between the images of the two students .
following this, we constituted an enquiry committee comprising 5 members .
we conducted an enquiry with the two students and their parents .
we collected their certificates, neet exam hall ticket, and identity card and compared these documents with our documents .
at the end of this scrutiny it was confirmed that both the students were not fake .
problems like this arise even when there is a small difference in the photographs .
so the health minister has ordered the introduction of a biometric process in student admission from next year onwards .
in future biometric and fingerprints will be used .
during application, exam and student admission phases, the details of the concerned student will open only upon providing the fingerprints .
so no one can cheat .
following this the students siva ramachandran and jothika who were subjected to the enquiry spoke to the reporters together .
jothika said in the photo provided by me i appeared with double braids .
that photograph was taken during my school days .
now i have changed my hairstyle .
so it is not similar now .
so i have been made to face enquiry for this small issue .
my haircut has created the problem and nothing else, she lamented .
ramachandran said there is difference between my present and old images .
at that time, i had only one photo .
that was an old photo .
hence there was confusion, and an enquiry was made .
pondicherry plastic association has requested prime minister modi to save the livelihoods of lakhs of workers .
a press note released by sankaran and secretary vk balu says .
in india plastic recycling is done by collecting the plastic thrown in streets and dustbins .
plastic that is currently banned in few states throughout india is recyclable .
in india due to poverty and unemployment 60 to 70 of plastic waste is recycled already .
the remaining plastic waste can also be used in a useful way .
plastic waste can be used in various ways such as 1 plastic tar roads 2 electricity generation 3 petrol and diesel production 4 concrete block production .
the carrier bags which are considered as the most important singleuse and disposable items are being given free to the public because of the culture of compulsorily providing free packing of items while buying in shops .
these plastic bags are seen openly in water bodies .
since these carrier bags have very low density, all other waste materials thrown into water bodies reach the bottom, except the plastic .
unfortunately only the plastics are seen floating .
throughout india there are 40,000 plastic manufacturing industries .
among them 98 belong to small scale and marginal industries .
similarly there are thousands of shops that sell plastic items .
there are 2,000 companies that export plastic materials .
it gives employment to around 50 lakh in both production and sales .
plastic industries have a turnover of 5 lakh crores and give an income of 50 crores to central and state governments .
as far as the plastic industry is concerned, there are no environmental issues in its production or usage .
but unfortunately environmental issues are caused because of a lack of awareness among the public about the environment .
so we humbly request the prime minister not to ban any plastic items on october 2 and make an announcement to impose strict rules to handle plastic waste properly and to act in a constructive way, and to save the livelihood of thousands of young, small and marginal scale entrepreneurs who are dependent on this industry and the livelihoods of lakhs of workers who are dependent on them .
thus they said in the statement .
the president of the indian haj association abubacker, who participated in the all india haj seminar, said that efforts will be taken to include india in the list of countries that provide on the spot umrah visas on landing in saudi arabia, in the airport itself .
he proudly informed that tamil nadu is the only state in the country giving grants to haj pilgrims .
an all india level seminar conducted by indian haj was held in haj house in mumbai .
the indian ambassador for saudi arabia dr azub and the president of the indian haj association abubacker attended as special invitees .
leaders of the haj association, executive officers and officials of the external affairs and minority welfare departments also participated along with them .
during his speech abubacker said that the government of tamil nadu has been giving grants to haj pilgrimage for the past two years due to the love and affection it has towards muslims .
he noted that tamil nadu is the only state in india to give such a grant .
following his speech, the indian ambassador for saudi arabia said that efforts will be made for the pilgrimage of 30 lakh hajis before the year 2025 .
hajis who went on pilgrimage in 2019 were known to have a few problems on the air india flight .
hence a new agreement will be made with air india to provide more facilities to the hajis who would go on the 2020 haj pilgrimage .
he also said arrangements will be made to accommodate hajis with star hotel facilities, with the help of oio, a saudibased indian firm .
steps to be taken to make more muslims travel were also discussed in this review meeting .
on behalf of 30 crore muslims in india and the indian haj association, president abubacker thanked the prime minister's office and minorities ministry for their tireless work for the 2019 haj pilgrimage .
a car was suspiciously caught in mud on agricultural land this morning in ponnai sn palayam, near katpadi in vellore district .
there was noone near it .
the car's back window was broken .
there were dangerous weapons like sickles and knives and red sanders inside the car .
the people of the village alerted the ponnai police about the matter .
the police quickly arrived on scene and rescued the car that was caught in the mud .
mexican cartel boss behind onethird of drugs in the us .
chicago just after sunrise on chicago's west side, cbs news watched the morning rush for drugs .
brian mcknight with the drug enforcement administration dea showed what was going on in broad daylight .
last year in chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses .
mcknight said probably 90 of the drugs in chicago are coming from mexico .
the dea is focused on a mexican drug lord named nemesio cervantes, known simply as el mencho .
he is the number one priority for dea and frankly for federal law enforcement in the united states, said matthew donahue, the dea's top agent in mexico .
a bounty for el mencho is up to 10 million .
he has helped uncover dozens of el mencho drug labs in the jungle .
el mencho's cartel jalisco nueva generacion, or cjng, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the us by land and sea .
according to the department of justice, the cartel has trafficked tons of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyllaced heroin .
el mencho has a 10 million bounty on his head .
ironically, he lived in california some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to mexico .
that's where he started the violent cartel .
he has got an enormous amount of weapons, rpgs, 50 caliber weapons .
he basically has his own swat teams, donahue said .
from shooting down a mexican army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, el mencho protects his empire with impunity .
cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years .
according to statistics from the mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day .
back in chicago, the mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear .
at the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands .
more than a third can be traced back to el mencho's cartel .
he is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids, donahue said .
so, when someone's child dies, donahue said there's a good chance those drugs came from el mencho's organization .
last year, more than 67,000 americans died from an overdose .
those who don't feel proud to call modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians, central minister jitendra singh has said .
it is a known fact that bjp leaders are continuously engaged in projecting gandhi and nehru in the wrong sense .
just a few hours before a programme howdy modi in houston in america, the central minister amit shah has said that nehru was the reason behind the creation of pakistanoccupied kashmir .
a few days ago, many bjp leaders including pragya thakur insulted gandhi and praised ghotse .
in the program “howdy modi” held in houston, prime minister modi informed that he supports american president trump to be elected again .
in return american president trump has heavily praised modi .
during his speech he mentioned that there were severe divisions in india and as the father of the nation he eliminated those divisions and united the nation .
while gandhi is usually called as the father of nation, this has shocked several people .
senior congress leader anand sharma said “the prime minister has used the programme howdy modi to campaign for trump .
this is a very wrong .
projecting himself as the father of india, instead of gandhi is also a wrong one” .
central minister of state jitendra singh said “american president trump has praised our prime minister as the father of india .
a few have objected to this .
those who don’t feel proud in calling prime minister modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians,” and this speech has created controversy .
the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
in the meeting of ministers of the nonalignment movement, the secretary of sri lankan external affairs noted that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
the speech of the external affairs secretary is as follows .
the secretary of sri lankan external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly, while speaking in the minister's level meeting of the nonalignment movement in new york on 26 september 2019, the secretary of external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles when the universal multilateral mechanisms is in trouble .
as the nonalignment movement includes 55 percent of the world population, it is its moral duty to voice the concerns of the south, particularly the growing small countries .
sri lanka again confirmed its commitment towards the efforts of the nonaligned movement that faces universal challenges such as conflicts, migration, climate change and infectious diseases that cross national borders .
nontraditional security threats such as climate change is not only a threat to the economy and community but also emerges as security threat that affects communities and countries due to manmade disasters .
while welcoming the summit of united nations general secretary for climaterelated actions, held in the headquarters of united nations on 23 september 2019, the secretary aryasinghe expressed his deep concerns about negative impacts of climate change in island nations such as sri lanka .
the external affairs secretary expressed hope that by fulfilling the duties mentioned in the paris agreement, the cop25 to be held in chile will increase its efforts to combat climate change .
the external affairs secretary aryasinghe informed that sri lanka gains prominence in opposing all kinds of racism, hatred and violent extremism and there is the need to focus on the new threats that are proved by the easter sunday attacks in sri lanka .
he also noted that such a universal threat threatens the security of all nations and it cannot be handled by a single country but needs cooperation, and also he called upon the nonalignment movement to contribute in a constructive and cohesive manner for this universal security threat .
the external affairs secretary also noted that sri lanka believes in a free society where freedom of expression is ensured, however we should stay vigilant about hate speech and the threat of abusing the internet and social media platforms .
the theme 'upholding the principles of sovereignty and political freedom as a means of maintaining universal peace and security and improving friendship and cooperation between nations' became the subject of a ministerslevel meeting and also an outcome document was accepted .
sri lanka was the joint sponsor of 1955 bandung conference and a founder member of the nonalignment movement .
this group has been growing continuously for the six decades and its current number of members in united nations is 120, which is more than two thirds of the members .
new york is the permanent embassy of sri lanka for the un .
to improve the livelihood of poor and disadvantaged people in tamil nadu, former chief minister jayalalitha has announced an affordable amma cement scheme .
cement bags will be sold at 190 rupees per bag .
to obtain this, an aadhar card, family card, flat document and approved building map or an approval certificate from the village administrative officer needs to be handed over to the amma cement head of sales at tamil nadu civil supplies corporation godown .
the application should be sent along with the dd for the number of cement bags needed .
the cement bags will be handed over within one week of uploading the dd number on the website .
this is the procedure .
this is not followed properly in many places .
throughout tamil nadu there are complaints about officials receiving money inappropriately and selling amma cement bags on the black market .
to avoid any difficulties, the users try to get the bags quickly by offering kickbacks .
ps4 game goes oldschool, as sony reveals surprise playstation 4 news .
sony has shed more light on upcoming ps4 exclusive the last of us part two .
as part of sony's recent state of play presentation, sony announced a february 2020 release date for the last of us sequel .
fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game .
even more details have been announced in the days since the big last of us 2 gameplay reveal .
and it looks like sony and naughty dog are taking it back to the oldschool in more ways than one .
something we haven't seen very often since the psone era, the last of us part 2 will ship on multiple discs .
naughty dog's neil druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with the telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever .
this story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't, he said .
and it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters .
we didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way .
we got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section, druckmann continues .
it's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one bluray, it's on two discs .
elsewhere, it was revealed that the last of us part two contains one or two not safe for work easter eggs via gamespot .
while we won't ruin the surprise here, the ingame easter eggs include references to oldschool naughty dog releases .
you can find out more when the last of us part two launches exclusively for ps4 on february 21, 2020 .
ps4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up the last of us remastered with ps plus .
sony recently announced the playstation plus free ps4 games for october 2019, which includes the aforementioned naughty dog release .
mlb the show 19 will also be available for ps plus subscribers in october .
if you enjoy the last of us remastered and want to preorder the sequel, sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12inch statue of the iconic character .
the sri lankan government has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again .
a media release given by the foreign affairs ministry regarding this is as follows .
external affairs secretary aryasinghe has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into commonwealth again .
last thursday the external affairs secretary ravinatha aryasinghe welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again and in order to allow complete participation in the commonwealth government leaders' conference in 2020 he again insisted the complete support of sri lanka to use the fasttrack process that was used in allowing zambia back in again .
he made this observation in the conference of the commonwealth external affairs minister presided by the minister of state for the commonwealth and united nations lord ahmed of wimbledon, as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly .
he informed that sri lanka experiences a strong mutual relation with maldives which is a close neighbour and one of the south asian countries and we are happy that it has expressed its willingness to rejoin the commonwealth as a part of one of the primary initiatives taken by the new administration during the last year .
the external affairs secretary has noted that extensive evaluation work done by the secretariat of the commonwealth in january 2019 has paved the way for a positive resolution and any obstacle against its reentry should be considered just as a simple defect that affects all countries .
he insisted that further obstacles that lead to fewer incentives should not be kept in their path .
the external affairs secretary also participated in the conference of the group 77 g77 external affairs ministers at new york on 27 september 2019 .
it was noted that g77 is being positioned uniquely to call for universal actions as a remedy for various needs of the countries in special situations such as underdeveloped countries, growing countries that are surrounded by land and growing small islands .
this problem adversely affects economic and social development and also their ability to achieve sustainable development goals .
this organisation should act as a collective voice that calls for international aid and support for vulnerable and marginalised countries, particularly towards financial and skill development .
also in a statement released during a cooperative discussion of a meeting regarding 'science, technology and innovation' in which sri lanka acts as associate chief operator, the external affairs secretary remarked that the asian cooperation discussion region plays an important role in sustainable sociocultural and economic development .
the mediation position played by the asian cooperation discussion in promoting economic competitiveness helps asian countries to compete equally in the world market .
prime minister scott morrison has announced almost 100 million of extra assistance for droughtaffected communities .
a program delivering cash payments to droughtaffected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler .
the package includes almost 34 million for the drought community support initiative allowing eligible households access to up to 3000 in emergency payments .
up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to 1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the drought community programme .
the new support package comes on top of more than 7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government .
upon the order of the chief minister to monitor the precautionary and relief measures during the northeast monsoon seasons in chennai municipality, ias officers have been appointed for all the 15 zones headed by the government's chief secretary for the revenue and disaster management department .
the advisory meeting with the ias officers appointed for the 15 zones was held in ribbon building meeting hall, presided by the commissioner k prakash .
on account of the northeast monsoon, the monitoring officers appointed as per the order of the chief minister to oversee the zonal level actions are taking precautionary measures in each zone as per the advice of the minister for municipal administration, rural development and implementation of special programme sp velumani .
in this meeting extensive discussions are made regarding the works to be undertaken by the officials of the public works department, highways department, chennai metropolitan water supply and sewerage board, tamil nadu electricity department, tamil nadu slum clearance board, tamil nadu housing board, hindu religious and charitable endowments department, chennai and kanchipuram district revenue department, bsnl, chennai petroleum corporation limited, chennai metro rail limited, southern railways and national highway, concerning their departments .
it was requested to inform the regional monitoring officers, chennai metro municipality commissioner and assistant commissioners and to take up works immediately, coordinating with the officials of all departments .
in chennai municipality wards from 1 to 200, desilting works to prevent blockages in the open canals and in rain water drainage channels have been started and are in progress .
the officials were ordered to complete these works soon .
the workers in all the 200 wards in the chennai municipality are instructed to be present without taking leave .
it was announced in the meeting by officials of the concerned department that the chennai municipality is in a state of preparedness to take up all works reported during the zonal supervisor’s inspection, and to face the monsoon .
the officials from various departments viz tamil nadu adi dravida housing and development board managing director sajjan singh r chawan, regional deputy commissioners pn sridhar, dr albie john varghese, chief engineer, head engineers, executive engineers, zonal officers, public works department, highways department, chennai water and drainage department, electricity department, traffic police department, forest department, southern railways, chennai metro rail limited, and fire and rescue services participated in the meeting .
ronald lee haskell man convicted of killing his exwife's family in texas .
ronald lee haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of stephen and katie stay and four of their five children in spring, texas .
authorities said he entered the stays' home on july 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, melannie haskell .
she was not there, but her sister, katie stay, and her family were .
stephen stay, 39, katie stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when haskell opened fire, the harris county sheriff's office said .
only one member of the family, then 15yearold cassidy stay, survived .
authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery .
jurors on thursday unanimously rejected ronald lee haskell's insanity defense .
the jury was dismissed until monday for sentencing .
quantum internet closer to reality sciencedaily .
a us army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer .
such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches .
the us army's combat capability development's army research laboratory's center for distributed quantum information, funded and managed by the lab's army research office, saw researchers at the university of innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables .
entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits .
when two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away .
this 50 kilometers is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building intercity quantum networks, said dr ben lanyon, experimental physicist at university of innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the nature journal quantum information .
intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled .
this distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said .
the demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement, said dr sara gamble, comanager of the army program supporting the research .
the quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications .
the research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap .
using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored .
as a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled .
the challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables .
the photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber, lanyon said .
his team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser .
the photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for longdistance travel the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers .
the researchers then sent this photon through the 50kilometerlong optical fiber line .
their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled .
the choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be cotrapped with a high quality clock qubit .
large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications, said dr fredrik fatemi, an army researcher who also comanages the program .
bosnians protest croatian plans for nuclear waste facility .
hundreds of people rallied friday in northwest bosnia against plans by neighboring croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty .
the protesters in the bosnian town of novi grad urged croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in trgovska gora and pledged to fight the project .
the facility would hold waste from the krsko nuclear plant .
holding banners reading i want a healthy future and stop the una river needs us, bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the una river and the lives of around 250,000 area residents .
we have to say no! .
miroslav drljaca, the head of novi grad municipality told the crowd .
we must fight to preserve our way of life and our una .
located in slovenia, the 1980s krsko plant is owned jointly by croatia .
officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities .
croatia's state hrt television reported friday that croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility slovenia is building .
croatian minister of environment protection and energy tomislav coric told the broadcaster that croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution .
in bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear .
how come that out of entire croatia, the best is the trgovska gora pocket that is in bosnia's pants? asked drljaca .
we must not let them humiliate us! .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi, has accused that the concern of the uttar pradesh government about the farmers is just in advertisements only .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi is criticising various activities of the bjp government through social media .
in this context, yesterday she remarked that the government of uttar pradesh is not concerned about farmers' wellbeing .
priyanka gandhi has said in her post “the concern of the bjp government of uttar pradesh can be seen only in advertisements and hoardings .
farmers have not even received their arrears from the government .
the farmers were not proper electricity distribution .
but their electricity bills are severely hiked .
they are being cheated in the name of a loan waiver .
also they are insulted by the government of uttar pradesh” .
what is munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in the politician on netflix? .
the condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy .
the politican hits netflix today .
the show tells the story of payton hobart who wants to be president of the united states of america but first, he has to be student body president at his high school .
made by american horror story and glee creator ryan murphy, it features gwyneth paltrow, ben platt and lucy boynton .
without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about munchhausen's by proxy a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick .
there are different types of the condition, including munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill .
munchhausen's by proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill .
it is also known as fabricated or induced illness fii and is categorised as child abuse .
it is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill .
what are the signs of munchhausen's by proxy? .
the signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the nhs says that things to be aware of include .
persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy .
exaggerating or lying about symptoms .
manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes .
inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances .
how common is munchhausen's by proxy? .
as many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is .
one study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period .
what should you do if you think a child is at risk .
you can contact your local social services department or telephone the nspcc's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
the central government has given approval to build 123 lakh houses throughout india under the prime minister's housing scheme, including 26 thousand 709 houses in tamil nadu .
the central government is implementing the prime minister's housing scheme to ensure all the people in the country get their own house before 2022 .
in this case, the central sanctioning and monitoring committee csmc headed by the secretary for the central housing and urban affairs department durga sankar misra has sanctioned the building of 123 lakh houses at a cost of rs 4988 crores .
this information was given in a press release by central government yesterday .
accordingly, a maximum 27,746 houses will be built in west bengal and in tamil nadu 26,709 houses worth rs 939 crores will be built .
and houses are also planned to be built in the states of gujarat 20,903, punjab 10,332, chhattisgarh 10,079, jharkhand 8,674, madhya pradesh 8,314, karnataka 5,021, rajasthan 2,822, and uttarakhand 2,501 .
under this order, the central government has so far given permission to build more than 90 lakh houses in cities alone .
under this scheme, before 2022, 112 crore houses are planned to be built in cities and a total of 2 crore houses are planned to be built, including in villages .
nigeria police raid kaduna school, evacuate 300 children .
kaduna the kaduna state police command yesterday raided a school, imamu ahmad bn hambal, located at layin maidubun tsumma at rigasa in igabi local government area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children .
the police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition an allegation the school authority denied .
a resident who identified himself as shehu, a preacher in the school, said what they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents .
the parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school .
the parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in .
we were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school .
this is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police .
he added that the immediate past police commissioner abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained .
‎he said the children only studied quran and nothing else .
but the police command public relations officer, yakubu sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government .
they were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring quranic knowledge .
with many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten .
so, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility, he said .
foreign talent important to china's development .
guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the belt and road initiative bri, the guangdonghong kongmacao greater bay area gba, and shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area .
nanfang media group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 1070 in guangdong .
born in 2010 during the asian games in guangzhou, yash from singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in guangzhou .
nikita nikandrov, a russian student of shenzhen msubit university said, with the bri, russian students can study together with chinese students .
we can make new ideas and businesses together .
rachel rommeswinkel from the us started her career as a beauty blogger in dongguan and has over one million fans on bilibili and weibo .
she said she will keep sharing chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos .
leticia de lassus from france, the head of jjb international montessori ami centers in guangzhou, agrees that children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket .
if the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place .
chineseamerican henry xiao believes that at the heart of gba, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent .
nanta show producer sean choi from south korea said guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the nanta show to guangdong .
stephan mohler from switzerland, the technical quality director at the pearl river pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well .
to his surprise, many talented young people in china enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better .
unibet takes on its second us market .
kindred group's flagship brand unibet takes on its second us market in pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into pennsylvania with the opening of its sportsbook in partnership with mohegan sun pocono marking the company's second us market entry in just one month .
mohegan sun pocono's full destination offering, combined with unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state .
earlier this month, unibet launched its new jersey sportsbook and multiyear partnership with the new jersey devils .
we are excited and proud to partner with mohegan sun pocono to welcome patrons to our new sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino .
we wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer pennsylvanians a truly unmatched inhouse and soontocome online sports betting and casino experience, says manuel stan, svp kindred us .
we've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans .
introduction of the unibet offering to the market is a great positive for mohegan sun, as well as the state of pennsylvania, says aviram alroy, vice president of interactive gaming at mohegan gaming entertainment .
betting offerings to start will include nfl, ncaa, nhl, nba, pga, professional tennis, boxing, ufc, rugby, nascar, mls, premier league soccer, la liga and bundesliga .
powered by kambi, a worldleading b2b provider of premium sports betting services, the unibet sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around .
later this year, together with mohegan sun pocono, unibet will also launch its sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via apple and android mobile devices .
the minister of the rural industries department p benjamin applied nalangu for pregnant women and donated them essential materials in the angle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women conducted on behalf of the social welfare and nutritious meal programme department's integrated child development services scheme, at a private marriage hall located at villivakkam panchayat union, tiruvallur district .
in the programme minister p benjamin said .
the government under the chief minister, who follows the footsteps of the late chief minister amma, is providing many schemes for the poor and disadvantaged people and is working towards improving their livelihoods .
in such a way, amma's best scheme, the bangle wearing social ceremony scheme for pregnant women is being implemented in the best way .
monetary help for pregnant women has been raised from rs 12 thousand to rs 18 thousand .
this monetary help has been split into several instalments as prematernity, maternity and postmaternity .
amma's government is donating a gift pack consisting of 16 kinds of items for children born in government hospitals .
thus this government headed by the chief minister is considering the welfare of the people and works towards improving their livelihood .
today more than 200 pregnant ladies were applied with nalangu and received donations of essential materials .
earlier, all the people headed by the minister took an oath for nutrition awareness .
only after that did the minister release the nutrition awareness guide .
finally, at the end of the bangle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women, minister p benjamin served five types of rice and food to pregnant women .
the bangle wearing social ceremony on behalf of the integrated child development services scheme in tiruvallur district was held at 13 taluk level .
3,160 pregnant women from 1760 anganwadi centers in ellapuram, gummidipoondi, kadambattur, minjur, pallipattu, poonamallee, poondi, rkpet, chozhavaram, thiruvalankadu, tiruvallur, tiruttani and villivakkam regions participated in the bangle wearing social ceremony .
the project director tamil nadu state rural livelihoods mission vai jayakumar, project officer of the integrated child development servicesscheme rajeswari and government officials participated in this programme .
on the second day, october 1, actor kamal haasan will deliver a speech about the digital era and constructive use of social media by young people .
this will be followed by speeches by many experts on topics such as fake news, challenges and complications in cinema production, screenplay for new fans, and youttube's business model .
many successful people from the film and media industry are going to share their views .
those who want to participate in this twoday programme lasting from morning to evening can contact the number below and register their names! .
vijay alone getting this much opposition means he is growing, said his father and director sa chandrasekar .
the audio launch of the film bigil was recently held in chennai .
vijay participated in that event and said “in the death of subasri caused by a banner falling on the road, they are accusing the lorry driver and the printers of the banner, not knowing whom to blame he also said “people should be given positions only according to what they deserve” .
this speech by vijay was not welcomed by aiadmk and it is facing severe criticism .
meanwhile, makkal needhi maiyam president kamal hassan has supported vijay's speech .
in this context, vijay's father sa chandrasekar arrived at tuticorin airport through a flight from chennai to take part in an event in nagercoil, kanyakumari district .
there the reporters posed him questions about the criticism faced by vijay .
he answered while riding on a bike on the road, subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road .
everyone is talking about this issue .
vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about .
even the court has asked why the people involved in subhasri's incident have not been arrested until now .
but it is not clear why the ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone .
when vijay faces this amount of opposition, it means he is growing .
will your speech garner this amount of opposition? .
if vijay's speech faces criticism, that means he is growing .
the reporters asked, based on the speeches made by vijay on stage, will he definitely enter into politics .
sa chandrasekar answered “it doesn't seem so, for me” .
we asked aiadmk regarding this .
there is no second opinion that the death of subhasri is unfortunate .
but why did vijay have to wait until the audio launch of bigil to air his views about that incident without speaking about it immediately .
vijay's fan once fell from the top and died while erecting a cutout for his film .
even that video was released .
“vijay should have asked his fans to stop erecting cutout for his films by then,” they said furiously .
for the past few days, a video has been circulating on whatsapp warning people to be 'careful with dogs' .
that video asks children to inform their parents if they have been bitten or scratched by a dog .
it also shows a video portraying a boy with more than 90 percent damage caused by the rabies virus, as he had not informed his parents about being bitten by a dog .
the video shows the boy barking like a dog as he is being treated in a hospital .
we asked veterinarian anandapadmanaban if the whatsapp video showing the person affected by rabies behaving like a dog is accurate .
when a dog infected with the rabies virus bites a person, it is true that the rabies virus will affect the person bitten .
but rabies is not spread by being scratched by a dog's nail .
if the rabid dog's saliva touches the scratched area, it may cause spreading of the disease .
when the saliva touches the wound or injury in the subject's body, it will cause the disease to spread .
so as a precautionary measure, it is best for dog owners to receive an injection of the rabies vaccine .
we veterinarians also receive the rabies vaccine injection once a year, as we need to treat dogs .
freshly picked turmeric contains vitamin c .
turmeric has the property to control blood pressure and the heartbeat as it contains potassium .
turmeric contains minerals such as manganese, potassium, pron, calcium, zinc, copper and magnesium .
by applying a paste of turmeric powder mixed with salt and lemon extract, wounds, sprain, injuries caused by friction and joint pains will be healed .
a mixture of asafoetida powder and turmeric powder in water, when boiled and inhaled, cures a single side headache .
this contains antibodies and fibres that control bad cholesterol .
turmeric contains many important chemical compounds such as niacin, riboflavin, and pyridoxine .
inhaling the smoke resulting from burning turmeric cures blocked noses .
curcuma turmeric has more aroma than normal turmeric .
it has the property of curing skin diseases .
it is useful in curing pain, infections in the nose, abdominal pain, breaking cysts and mosaic disease .
some young women may be seen with a slight moustache on their upper lips like men .
applying curcuma turmeric powder or paste on the face will help prevent the growth of such hair .
there will be brightness on the face .
'hideous' central coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court .
dressed in a leafy ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12yearold from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's central coast in may 2017 .
he then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her .
shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation .
the man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between august 2016 and april 2017 .
the 12yearold victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife .
when she pleaded stop, stop, stop, he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub .
the man told the girl shhh, don't scream .
don't scream or i'll have to hurt you .
holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour .
after he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school .
the man arrived at work about 930am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues .
with dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment .
the man's sentencing hearing continues on tuesday .
pope warns tech execs to use ai for the common good .
pope francis on friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good .
francis addressed a vatican conference that brought government envoys and facebook and google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists .
a smattering of academics and catholic bishops rounded out participants at the common good in the digital age conference .
the threeday gathering is the latest evidence of the vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence .
the debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the christchurch, new zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage .
in his speech to the conference, francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor .
but he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor .
if technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress, he warned .
if mankind's socalled technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest .
organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the catholic church on high tech issues .
martin odegaard, real madrid loanee, sends fans wild with mindboggling assist .
martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener .
real madrid went top of the la liga table following their 20 win over osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season .
however, despite not losing a single game in la liga this season, manager zinedine zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous preseason and a public rift with welsh star gareth bale .
the pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when real madrid were humiliated by parissaint germain psg in the champions league .
but zinedine zidane and real madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the frenchman's plans and those that aren't .
vinícius junior is one such star for the future for real madrid and is currently with the team .
however, another norwegian youngster martin odegaard, who has been loaned out to real sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mindboggling assist during a la liga match .
playing for real sociedad vs alaves, martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener as real sociedad ran out 30 winners at home .
after picking the ball up on the right, martin odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inchperfect throughball and poke home .
willian jose's second and a third from the impressive oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for imanol's side, before alaves midfielder manu garcia was sent off with five minutes to play .
martin odegaard joined real madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype .
now 20, the norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet .
anna hazare surprised sharad pawar's name figures in maharashtra state cooperative bank scam case .
anna hazare said sharad pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me .
social activist anna hazare has expressed surprise over nationalist congress party or ncp chief sharad pawar's name cropping up in the multicrore maharashtra state cooperative bank scam .
probe agency enforcement directorate or ed has filed a money laundering case against sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar a former deputy chief minister of maharashtra and others in connection with the scam .
an enforcement case information report, equivalent to a police fir, has been registered by the central agency under the prevention of money laundering act .
the case is based on a mumbai police fir which had named former chairmen of the bank, ajit pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender .
when this case came to me, sharad pawar's name was not there anywhere .
how did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know, anna hazare said on thursday when asked about the ed case and sharad pawar's alleged links to the scam .
anna hazare, a sharad pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ed carries out a detailed investigation in the scam .
the ed will come to know how his name figured in the case, said anna hazare, a veteran of many anticorruption agitations .
sharad pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the october 21 assembly polls in maharashtra .
the former union minister has asserted he would not bow before the throne of delhi, apparently referring to the bjpled government at the centre .
the ncp has termed the enforcement directorate case as politically motivated .
south africa man, 20, charged with murder of ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu .
a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of university of kwazulunatal ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the national prosecuting authority npa .
the accused appeared in the msinga magistrate's court on thursday on a charge of murder .
kzn npa spokesperson natasha kara told news24 that the case was postponed to october 2 for the bail application .
she added that the state would oppose the accused's release on bail .
according to kzn police spokesperson colonel thembeka mbele, the 20yearold accused was arrested on monday .
ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week .
it's believed that she worked as a hostess at the msinga driftkhana motorsport event on saturday evening .
in a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended .
on their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed away in hospital, their statement read .
ukzn suspended academic activities on friday, saying the circumstances of ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society .
mylan agrees to pay 30m in epipen settlement .
mylan has agreed to pay 30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a justice department investigation into whether the company overcharged medicaid for the epipen .
the securities and exchange commission said friday that mylan nv classified the epipen as a generic drug under the medicaid drug rebate program .
this led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the epipen had been classified as a branded drug .
mylan had disclosed in july that it had reached an agreementinprinciple with the sec on the matter .
the company said in a statement friday that it neither admits nor denies the sec's allegations .
people in landslide disaster areas are warned to vacate immediately .
a landslide disaster warning has been issued to people living in low lying areas in 'the divisional secretariats in bulathsinhala, palallavitta, maththukkam, akalavaththai in kaluththurai district and the divisional secretariats in elpitiya, niyakama, nakota, imathuva and vaththeekama in kali district and they have been asked to vacate immediately .
similarly people in thodangoda, ingiriya, palinthanuvara, herana divisional secretariats in kaluththurai district and the thehiyovitta divisional secretariat in kekaalai district and kadavathsaththara, neluwa, thawalama divisional secretariats in kali district have been requested to be cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
similarly people in the divisional secretariats of kalawana, ayagama, giriella, eheliyagoda, rathinapuri, kuruwita in rathinapuri district are requested to stay cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
a landslide disaster warning has also been issued to the ettiyanthotttai divisional secretariat in kekaalai district .
in west bengal, steps are being taken to make a statue of goddess durga, using 50 kilograms of gold, for the durga puja festival .
in west bengal, the trinamool congress headed by mamata banerjee is in power .
every year durga puja is celebrated in a grand manner here during october or november .
durga idols are erected in main streets and worshipped .
durga puja celebrations for this year will start on the 4th of next month and will last for 10 days .
in this scenario, the festival committee has planned to erect a 13 foot tall gigantic statue of goddess durga, at santhosh mithra square in kolkata .
commenting on this, the president of the committee said “the durga statue is made using 50 kg of gold .
its total value is 20 crores .
most of the works are completed .
this statue will be kept in the pandal for worship in the next few days .
no one has ever made such an effort .
for this purpose, we have collected donations from business establishments, the public, and private institutions .
after we have dismantled the statue, we will take back the gold in it and use it for the next year .
the president of the south indian rivers linking farmers association ayyakannu has warned that if the tamil nadu government does not take necessary steps to waive agricultural loans, a blockade will be carried out in chennai during the first week of october .
the discussion meeting of the south indian rivers linking farmers association was held yesterday in poolampatti near manapparai .
many farmers from manapparai, vaiyampatti, thuvarankurichi, and the virali hills area participated in this meeting .
during the meeting it was demanded to bring the cauveryvaigai gundaru scheme through vaiyampatti and fill panjapatti lake, ponniyaru dam and kannuthu dams during floods .
further, genetically modified seeds should be banned .
many resolutions including waiving of all crop loans of farmers and immediate provision of crop insurance for the year 201617 were passed .
the farmer’s association president ayyakannu said during his speech at this meeting that tamil nadu has faced the worst drought .
the chief minister edappadi palanisamy should take appropriate steps and waive farm loans .
otherwise a very big demonstration will be held in chennai during the first week of october .
mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons .
a woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children .
sarah barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of tristan barrass, 13, and blake barrass, 14 .
the brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the shiregreen area of sheffield, south yorkshire, at about 730am on 24 may .
postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on friday at sheffield crown court .
the exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known .
barrass appeared in the dock alongside her codefendant, brandon machin, 39, a family member .
flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children .
the pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20minute hearing .
the conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 may .
four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including blake and tristan on 23 may .
the fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 may .
the surviving children are all under the age of 13 .
the judge, jeremy richardson qc, told the pair no words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done .
the crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves .
the murder of two children .
the attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children .
i have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment .
it's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed .
they will be sentenced on 12 november .
the vikram lander cannot be found, nasa has announced .
the vikram lander, which went so close to the moon and lost communication, cannot be found, nasa has announced .
recently the isro launched the chandrayaan2 spacecraft to research the moon's south pole .
it was scheduled to land the vikram lander on the surface of the moon on the early morning of september 7 .
but at a distance of 21 kilometres from the moon, communication between the vikram lander and the isro control room was lost .
following this, in the images sent by the the chandrayaan 2 space shuttle satellite, the vikram lander was found lying on the surface of the moon .
the 14 day lifespan of the vikram lander also ended .
the efforts of the isro scientists to establish communication with it did not yield results until today .
it is considered that due to the vikram lander landing on the moon at a high speed, it might have collided with the surface and that might have caused a malfunction .
subsequently, the vikram lander, weighing 1471 kilograms, might have been damaged when it landed at a speed greater than 200 kilometres per hour .
the isro will be releasing a detailed report on .
what caused the failure of vikram .
meanwhile, america's nasa also tried to find the site where the vikram lander fell .
nasa's satellite has photographed the site where the vikram lander landed .
nasa has announced that the vikram lander cannot be found in the satellite images .
more than 50 thousand antiquities and artifacts have been registered in tamil nadu, the archaeological officer cr gayathri said after participating in a registration of artifacts and awareness camp, she told the reporters .
if there is any object more than 100 years old, drawings, manuscripts more than 75 years old in homes or in companies, they should be registered with the registration officer of the indian archaeological department .
by this, the certificate for that item can be obtained and retained with us .
the awareness camp regarding this was conducted in each town from september 13 to september 28 .
this created awareness about registering antiquities, and other information such as where applications are available .
who will register, where to register are available .
apart from registering the antiquities, they can also be transferred .
they can also be given to others within india .
but they should not be taken abroad .
registering the artifacts with us gives us safety .
it is a matter of pride for us .
so far more than 50,000 antiquities and artifacts have been registered .
and they are continuously being registered .
in this, items including musical instruments, wooden sculptures, toys and stone sculptures more than 100 years old can also be registered, said gayathri .
earlier, this camp was inaugurated by the head of the manuscript department of tanjore tamil university, b jayakumar .
photos of registered ancient archaeological items were displayed in this camp .
they were witnessed by public .
people are being cheated by cheats and liars, the founder of pattali makkal katchi, ramadoss has informed .
he said this while speaking at a public meeting at ranipettai in vellore district .
pmk founder ramadoss was congratulated last night for continuously criticising the government for splitting vellore district into three .
ramadoss participated in that event and delivered a sarcastic speech .
only the pmk has first voiced the problems of the people of vellore district and neither the dmk nor other parties has conducted agitations to the level of the pmk, he said .
he also informed that the dmk is concerned only about capturing the votes of people and about capturing power, not about people .
he further added that people have failed to remember the agitations conducted by the pmk for the problems of the people of vellore instead, they voted for the opposition, believing their lies .
questioning why you people are forgetting the pmk, which is waiting to work for the people, and being cheated by liars, assured the people, will surely get good returns if they follow the pmk .
he further added that he struggles for this tamil community, holding a stick, even if he is unable to walk in his old age, and informed that they don’t have their roots in kodambakkam but they are the agricultural community .
various events are being implemented throughout the district for the national development programme that is a part of the event let's unite for the country that is being implemented today 26th for the fourth day in pathulai district .
various eventrelated programmes in connection with drug eradication, village power, and encouraging women involved in small business ventures took place in pathulai district secretariat that were jointly organised by the pathulai divisional secretary office and district secretariat .
the event of detailing teachers of government schools under drug eradication programme was headed by the psychological advisor of the president's drug eradication division and navy lieutenant anuradha jayasinghe .
during this event he pointed out that the country is facing problems from drug abuse on a massive scale, so teachers have a great responsibility in rescuing the youth community which is supposed to contribute to the country, and that three percent of women are spoilt by drugs .
the president's secretariat undertook the event of detailing those belonging to village power agency in village officer sections within the pathulai divisional secretariat .
apart from commencing in village officer sections in ilukthenne, hinnarangkoda in pathulai district under village power programme, today this programme has been successfully implemented in 9 village officers sections .
under this, farmers have been given chicks and agricultural implements, and steps have been taken to start a centre to sell farm products .
with an aim to encourage and improve the efficiency and thinking of women entrepreneurs carrying out small business ventures, a training session arranged by pathulai divisional secretariat was also held with contributions from the ministry of social promotion of primary handicraft, women and childr affairs, and ministry of drought zone development .
the aim of this is to provide knowledge about how to overcome problems and obstacles and how to be successful while undertaking business activities .
as a part the national development programme let's unite for the country, such programmes are conducted throughout pathulai district .
the programme includes activities such as providing primary knowledge regarding business ventures, like starting a business, methods to establish contacts with management and financial institutions while conducting business and also providing them the necessary support for conducting business successfully .
women members from women associations conducting small business ventures took part in this event in large numbers .
boris johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman jennifer arcuri .
the independent office for police conduct will now assess whether the prime minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of london .
the greater london authority gla said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a conduct matter against the prime minister over allegations ms arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him .
a conduct matter exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed, it said .
it does not mean that this is proved in any way .
the iopc will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated .
the issue has been referred to the iopc, which deals with complaints against police forces in england and wales .
it was referred to the watchdog because mr johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner .
mr johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with ms arcuri .
earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the london assembly to provide details of his links with ms arcuri, although he insisted they were barking up the wrong tree .
it follows a report by the sunday times that ms arcuri, an american who moved to london seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by mr johnson while he was mayor .
the government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to ms arcuri's company, hacker house, pending a review .
it is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money .
digital minister matt warman told the commons that his department had done the usual due diligence and that the company had a british phone number .
however, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in california, where ms arcuri, 34, is said to now be based .
pm's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff' .
the move by the gla to refer the prime minister to the independent office for police conduct has met with anger from no 10 .
a senior government source said it was a politically motivated attack and that the timing on the eve of the conservative party conference was overtly political .
no evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the pm given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a friday night, the source said .
the public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political putup job .
earlier today, the standard was told mr johnson's close friendship with the californian entrepreneur helped by london's tourism and promotions agency was an open secret among its staff .
former officials at the agency, london partners lp, recalled how ms arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by mr johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as not credible by some at the time .
third man charged with drug counts in mac miller's death .
los angeles ap a third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper mac miller's overdose death last year .
court documents show stephen walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that miller possessed before he died last september of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the us .
walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, cameron pettit, sold to miller .
court documents unsealed tuesday say pettit kept getting drugs from walter through august .
ryan reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in lake havasu city, arizona, is accused of serving as walter's runner who delivered the pills to pettit .
none of the men have been directly charged with miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases .
walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release .
prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported thursday by celebrity website tmz, are asking that walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk .
a phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned .
pettit was charged in federal court on sept 4, and his attorney has declined to comment .
miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hiphop .
the pittsburgh native whose real name was malcolm james myers mccormick was also in a twoyear relationship with singer ariana grande that ended earlier in 2018 .
after his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her instagram page and released a song, thank u next, that lovingly mentioned him .
miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse .
matthew roberts, guitarist for the band 3 doors down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system .
this story has been corrected to show that walter's first name is spelled stephen, not steven .
the chief minister of uttarakhand has informed that those affected by dengue can take 650 grams of paracetamol and you don’t have to take it seriously .
this irresponsible speech of the chief minister has caused a stir in the state .
more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue and are undergoing treatment in uttarakhand so far .
opposition parties including congress are accusing the government of not taking necessary precautionary measures .
in this context, the chief minister of uttarakhand has said that the impact of dengue has been low due to the precautionary measures taken by the government and visited those undergoing treatment in the hospital and enquired about their health .
not stopping with the enquiry about their health, the suggestion given by him has caused stir .
he has told that instead of 500 g of paracetamol, if you take 650 g of paracetamol and rest the dengue will just fly away .
his speech comes at a time when the health officials are advising against self medication for dengue and opt for proper treatment .
the same chief minister has said a few months ago that if you breathe the gas let out by cows, your breathing problem will be cured .
9 year old nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games .
the 9yearold is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called scratch 2 .
scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline .
so far, basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games .
today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide .
the player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place .
i learned how to build games at a boot camp .
now, i build to keep me busy when i am bored, basil told cnn .
in march, his father signed him up for a fiveday boot camp for children aged 5 to 15 .
the camp, organized by codefest international, was put in place to give children like basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality .
growing up, basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, basil okpara sr .
i bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because i saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with .
he played candy crush and temple run a lot, the father told cnn .
but basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing .
there was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that i got upset with him, his father said .
out of annoyance, i said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?' .
i was angry when i said it, and i did not know he took it seriously, he added .
since then, basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games .
basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about .
one of his games, 'mosquito mash' is available on google play store .
africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent .
two nigerian 12yearolds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores .
in may, team acrobot, a ghanaian allgirls high school team won the 2019 robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes .
and with africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like google and microsoft, basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars .
former north carolina gop chair to plead guilty for lying in bribery probe .
a former north carolina gop chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed friday .
the federal court docket shows that robin hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next wednesday .
a factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by hayes' attorney said that hayes knew he was making false statements to fbi agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018 .
the actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to .
he was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements .
prosecutors have accused hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment .
the executive, greg lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state insurance commissioner mike causey .
lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than 5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016 .
he favored republican causes and politicians, but also gave to democrats .
his attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment friday .
a defense attorney for hayes, kearns davis, didn't respond to an email friday seeking further comment .
the court documents filed friday state that hayes lied to fbi agents in august 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with causey about staff at the state department of insurance .
but hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document .
prosecutors have said that hayes also helped lindberg request a meeting with causey and that hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator .
an indictment unsealed in april alleges that lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to 2 million for causey's 2020 reelection campaign .
the scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a lindberg company, according to the indictment .
causey, a republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case .
he faces no charges .
the indictment states that an associate of lindberg's directed hayes to transfer 250,000 to causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included lindberg and causey .
hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment .
whatever you all want to do, we'll do, hayes said, according to the indictment .
alright, i'll get er done .
a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement .
facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing .
some facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a worldfirst trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing .
instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on instagram which started in july in australia .
the new facebook trial, which begins on friday, will also kick off in australia .
facebook australia's director of policy mia garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison .
we've had really positive feedback from a lot of the antibullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with, garlick said .
it really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions .
it's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said .
garlick assured businesses who rely on facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed .
she said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like instagram's trial has in australia, canada, brazil, new zealand, japan, italy and ireland .
as with instagram, which is owned by facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent .
we have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience on instagram, but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage, she said .
on being the world's training ground garlick said australia has very active techsavvy users of facebook and instagram .
we think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not .
every man is grateful to his parents for raising him .
the sacrifice of parents in raising their children cannot be measured .
as per the shastras, just as helping them during their lifetime is needed, they should continue to be grateful even after their death .
for this they have created rites for their dead ancestors .
these are called many names, such as tharpanam, ancestral duties and ancestral rites .
since this needs to be done with due diligence carefully without forgetting with sense of gratitude on the ritual date of the month in which they were dead, this is also called chirartham .
this is mentioned in thiruvalluvar's thirukkural as by dutiful house holders aid, god, manes, kin, self and guests are served .
the kin mentioned here refers to dead ancestors .
since the world of the ancestors is in the south, their world is referred to as the southern world .
though there are many days earmarked for offering rituals, it essential to offer rituals at least on the new moon day every month .
a few people offer their rituals only in the tamil months of thai and aadi .
in case you have not offered anything to the dead ancestors so far, it is very auspicious to start it on mahalaya new moon day .
it is believed that all our ancestors visit our earth together then .
sesame, water, replicas of our body, rice, bananas and meals are used for offerings .
the shastras say that these will be eaten by the angels and they will hand them over to our ancestors .
it is believed that the ancestors who visit the earth to see their children return back to their world on that day .
having a bath on the banks of theerthas on that, and sending them off by worshipping them will keep the family wealthy and will help the offsprings to survive for generations .
who is nancy pelosi, the person to set the deadline for american president trump? .
this is the second time that nancy pelosi has been selected as speaker of the united states house of representatives .
she holds many honours, including being the only member to be sworn in as speaker for a second term and the only female member to hold the highest position in the american constitution .
nancy pelosi is an unknown face to a world which is only familiar with the first ladies of the white house, such as eleanor roosevelt, hillary clinton, michelle obama and melania trump .
pelosi opposed america's policy in iraq .
she was the pioneer in guiding the health care scheme of former president barack obama .
between united nations meetings, indian prime minister narendra modi met iranian president hassan rouhani and had discussions .
this meeting gains importance in the wake of iran's conflict with america .
through this meeting, a clear message has been sent that india will not make any compromise in its independent external policy under the pressure of other countries including america .
the prime minister's office had tweeted regarding the meeting between the two leaders .
the spokesperson for the external affairs ministry raveesh kumar informed that the two leaders discussed mutual cooperation and regional conditions .
prime minister modi had gone on a trip to the iranian capital tehran during may 2016 with a view of strengthening the relationship with iran and extending india's ties with western asia .
during that trip, india and iran signed almost a dozen agreements, among which the development of chabahar port is an important agreement .
then india, iran and afghanistan signed a tripartite agreement for the transportation of goods through the port .
rouhani visited india in february 2018 .
he became the first iranian president to visit india in a decade .
during his visit several agreements were made between the two countries .
in the last few days, prime minister modi and american president donald trump had met twice .
the tension between america and iran has been on the rise since the america's sanctions on iran .
america has imposed sanctions on iran regarding its nuclear programme .
due to the america's sanctions, india has also stopped importing petroleum products from iran .
iran is the third biggest supplier of oil after iraq and saudi arabia .
though india has compromised on that issue, india had not made a compromise in meeting with the iranian president .
sri lanka airlines gives concessions to armed forces .
the united national airline sri lanka airlines has made arrangements for armed forces going on foreign trips to carry items weighing five kilograms free of cost as per the request of military commander lieutenant general savendra silva, while he was the chief of staff .
the regional manager of sri lanka airlines mr jayantha abesinghe, regional manager for sri lanka and india mr deepal ballegangoda, mand state travel manager and business executive mr saamara heitiarachi met the ilitary commander lieutenant general savendra silva at the military headquarters yesterday morning 26th .
during this meeting the airlines officials discussed matters about the concessions with the military commander .
this concession will be given to the military personnel while travelling during private holidays, trainings, conferences and workshops .
lieutenant general savendra silva made this request to sri lanka airlines in august 2019 considering the military soldiers need to carry essential parts and needs with them, apart from the free 30 kg of personal items they are allowed to carry, while they travel to foreign countries for training studies .
accordingly sri lanka airlines has made arrangements to allow all armed forces going to thailand, malaysia, singapore, china, india, pakistan and other south asian countries to carry 5 kg of free items from july 30 2019 .
during this meeting, the military commander expressed his heartfelt thanks for the cooperation of sri lanka airlines .
later the concession agreement documents were handed over to the military commander by the officials of the airlines .
why can't we provide a separate reservation for government schools in government medical colleges, madras high court has asked the government of tamil nadu .
since 207 seats allotted for nonresident indians in private medical colleges in tamil nadu are vacant, they were handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran has filed a case in high court of madras seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer vp raman who appeared on behalf of the indian medical council said in his argument, after three phases of counselling, if there is any vacancy of the seats allotted for nonresident indians, a list will be sent in the ratio of 10 students per seat to the concerned college .
the college has to fill that list based on appropriate rules .
but it is not known it was filled based on that list .
the additional general solicitor arvinth pandiyan in his argument said that only the list regarding the vacant seats will be sent to the concerned college .
the vacant seats have to be filled only based on merit .
but how the colleges fill them is not clear .
the supreme court also has not passed any orders regarding this .
so this court should issue appropriate orders regarding filling seats allotted for nonresident indians .
the lawyer velmurugan who appeared on behalf of the petitioner said that all the 207 seats that were vacant were sold to students with low marks for high rates .
the justices who intervened at that time said why do people select private schools when it comes to schooling but select government colleges when it comes to medical courses? why can't there be a special reservation for government school students in medical colleges? is it enough to send the vacancy list alone? don’t you need to check how they are filled? .
government doctors here receive a lower salary than teachers, even less than my assistant .
we consider this as an injustice rendered to the doctors .
we order to include the 10 private colleges in tamil nadu as defendants in this case .
they ordered these colleges to submit details regarding the list of students admitted in the seats allotted for nonresident indians and the marks scored by them before 15th october .
brother jailed for life for pakistan social media star qandeel baloch's honour killing .
qandeel baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in july 2016 .
the brother of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch was on friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highestprofile honour killing .
baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies tame by western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic pakistan was strangled in july 2016 .
her brother muhammad waseem was arrested .
days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that of course he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been intolerable .
his lawyer, sardar mehmood, told afp the court in the eastern city of multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a longawaited verdict .
inshallah god willing, he will be acquitted by a high court, he said .
earlier, baloch's mother anwar mai told afp she had hoped her son would be acquitted .
he is innocent .
she was my daughter and he is my son, she said .
baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of socalled honour killings, in which a victim usually a woman is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes .
women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or in baloch's case bringing shame on their family by celebrating their sexuality .
the killings are usually carried out by a close relative .
under pakistan's qisas blood money and diyat retribution law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives .
three months after baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings .
however, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned .
in baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution .
but, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven .
international revulsion at the killing had seen the pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead .
some of baloch's betterknown actions included offering to perform a striptease for the pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on valentine's day .
she attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a kim kardashianlike figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment .
the roots of honour killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across south asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too .
we have gradually lost underground water .
only now have we started realising the importance of palm trees .
so a palm seed festival is now becoming popular throughout tamil nadu among social activists and young people .
an organisation named prabakaran revolutionary seed movement in annavasal, pudukkottai has been working actively since 2015 .
many youths in the pudukkottai, trichy, salem, and thanjavur districts in tamil nadu are members of this organisation .
all of them are graduates serving in various jobs .
however, kindled by their concern for the motherland, these youths are actively involved in various activities such as tree planting, conserving water bodies, and preserving and restoring old historical sites .
during cyclone gaja relief works, they went in search of palm seeds, collecting and planting them in various parts of tamil nadu and donating them to the poor .
the youths coordinating the prabakaran revolutionary seeds movement are familiar to me .
mr edison, one of the organisers, spoke to me about their activities .
a west bengal elephant dies miserably! .
animal welfare activists who spoke about this said “this track was converted into a broadgauge track in 2004 .
since then more trains are operating on this track .
since the number of trains has increased, the number of elephant deaths has also increased .
this area has been an elephant corridor .
we brought to the attention of railway officials that operating trains at high speed causes the death of elephants caught in accidents .
after that, it was ordered to operate trains slowly in this area .
so the number of accidents also came down .
now trains are operating at high speeds again in this area .
we are requesting the construction of railways elsewhere .
the railway authorities of north east railway who spoke about this said “the train route passes through forest .
it has been ordered to operate trains slowly while crossing this area .
the order to operate slowly throughout 24 hours is in force .
studies are being undertaken in the forest area .
discussions are also in place to reduce the speed of the trains” .
a committee comprising 3 members has also been formed to investigate trains operating in that area .
the accident spot is in 45 angle .
the train driver sustained injuries and he is under treatment .
maternity assistance to be given to pregnant ladies in tamil nadu has been stopped and has not been given for the past year, say social activists .
the dr muthulakshmi reddy maternity benefit scheme was started by the department of health on behalf of health and family welfare for the benefit of poor pregnant women .
after registering their names within 12 weeks of becoming pregnant, in the maternity benefit scheme, after providing details including aadhar card and bank account number to the village and city nurses and receiving a picme number, rs 4,000 is credited in the bank account .
subsequently, before the end of the 4th month rs 4000 is provided as the 2nd instalment .
rs 4000 is given as the 3rd instalment after delivering the child in a government hospital, at end of pregnancy and during vaccination the 4th instalment of rs 4000 and rs 2000 at the end of 9 months for the child totalling rs 18000 is given as financial aid .
similarly in order to improve the physical ability of the women during pregnancy, a nutrition kit consisting of iron tonic, dry dates, protein biscuits, ghee, albendazole tablets and khadi towels is provided .
this scheme was implemented to enable pregnant ladies to deliver healthy children and take care of them properly .
this scheme was very effective for middle class and poor pregnant ladies .
for more than one year, the maternity assistance given to pregnant ladies has not been provided properly and has been stopped .
when speaking about this social activists say “the financial assistance of rs 18 thousand that has been given by the public health and family welfare department has not been given for over 13 months .
this affects the maternal and child healthcare during pregnancy .
this has created a situation of taking loans to maintain the child .
with only the nutrition kit given, the allowance has not been credited in the bank account so far .
on enquiring the officials of health department about this they said that the central government has not granted the amount for the first instalment .
after the central government pays rs 2 thousand as the first instalment, the remaining assistance of rs 16 thousand will be credited step by step .
but whether the tamil nadu government has properly registered the applications of the pregnant ladies who have applied for maternity assistance itself is a question mark, they informed .
hence, the government should take immediate steps to give the pregnancy assistance which has been pending for more than one year .
sathyapratha sahu holds discussions with district election officers .
yesterday chief election commissioner sathyapratha sahu held discussions through video conferencing with the officers in charge of conducting elections in vikravandi and nanguneri assembly constituencies where the byelections are scheduled .
this discussion took place in the video conferencing arena of the tamil nadu election commission in the secretariat .
in the vikravandi constituency, district election officer and collector mr l subramanian and other election officials took part in the discussion .
the officials conducting elections in nanguneri constituency participated on its behalf .
during this discussion with the officials conducting elections, the chief election commissioner enquired about various aspects including the number of electronic voting machines in stock, sensitive booths, the need for the central police force, additional police security, and vehicle checks .
higher officials including additional chief election commissioner rajaraman and joint chief election commissioner jacob attended this meeting .
this discussion about byelections was followed by a discussion with all district collectors and the chennai municipal commissioner regarding the voter list verification process .
during the discussion sahu informed that so far 934 lakh voters have uploaded their details through the website .
he urged the collectors to involve women's selfhelp groups in the voter list verification process and to advertise this scheme, making more voters involved in this process .
later the chief election commissioner of tamil nadu spoke to the news reporters yesterday .
during the interview, he said .
we are releasing the details regarding the candidates filing their nominations for contesting in the vikravandi and nanguneri byelections on the election commission's website .
we are removing the advertisements that violate the code of conduct for elections .
so far 215 posters wall posters have been removed .
8 cases were filed in connection with this .
so far we have not seized any objects or money for travelling without documents .
the madras high court has passed a few orders regarding banners and posters .
it already has its own rules, laws and court orders .
the district election officials will enforce them strictly .
general observers will come only after the filing of nominations is over .
in vikravandi constituency alone we have formed 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer committee and are at work .
outside vikravandi constituency, there are 30 flying squads, 30 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout villupuram district .
in nanguneri constituency alone 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committee, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer committee are at work .
outside nanguneri constituency, there are 27 flying squads, 27 monitoring committees, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout tirunelveli district .
due to rain in the sathuragiri hills, pilgrims were denied permission to trek for 30 minutes .
for the past few days, pilgrims were allowed to trek to the sathuragiri sundaramahalingam temple for the mahalaya new moon day .
with pilgrims trekking on the hills yesterday morning at 600 am after the forest department check, at around 1130 am clouds gathered and there was a possibility of raini .
so the pilgrims, who were worshipping, came down immediately .
as it started raining at 200 pm, the pilgrims were temporarily stopped from trekking to the hill .
due to the rain which lasted for about 30 minutes, there was less water flow along the hill's waterways .
with the pilgrims being allowed to trek again after the rain stopped, around 800 pilgrims returned back after worshipping .
with the number of pilgrims increasing as it is mahalaya new moon day today, the forest department has announced that the pilgrims will be stopped in case of rain and will be allowed again after the rain stops .
the president of sri lankan private bus association kemunu vijeratne has informed that based on the needs of passengers, important streets were identified and accordingly buses are pressed into service .
he also said that 3,200 buses have been pressed into service for the convenience of passengers .
the sri lankan transport board has announced that the buses have been pressed into service considering the transport needs of the people going to native places during the weekend .
the sri lankan transport board has further announced that sufficient numbers of buses have been pressed into service considering the convenience of the passengers travelling to their native places today .
these measures were taken jointly by the traffic commission, the private bus owners association and the sri lankan transport board .
the secretary of transport and civil flight services ministry lb jayampathi has informed that travelling in buses belonging to sri lankan transport board using railway season tickets is allowed from yesterday onwards .
while speaking about this, the president of the traffic commission janakamalli marachi informed that permission has been granted to carry on local bus services irrespective of the time schedule .
in the meantime, the railway department has informed that it was able to add 12 trains to the service up to today afternoon, in spite of the strike by railway employees .
lawlessness double displaced from nw nigeria to 40,000 unhcr .
worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the united nations said on friday .
the un's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a new humanitarian emergency that would require a fresh interagency fundraising effort of 355 million by the end of the year .
unhcr spokesman babar baloch said boko haram, the islamist group that has waged a decadelong insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks .
rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in sokoto, zamfara and katsina states in nigeria was the work of organized armed groups .
it paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity, he told journalists on friday .
he said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property .
military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region .
but the military is stretched from fights against boko haram and islamic state's west africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016 .
the refugees are not coming with names of groups, he said .
what they are coming with are horrific accounts .
those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring niger .
in a statement, the unhcr said it expected more to flee to niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in sokoto state, deteriorates .
new trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids .
a new trial date has been scheduled for a guatemala man accused of killing an iowa woman and her two children .
polk county district court records say 31yearold marvin escobarorellana is charged with three counts of firstdegree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police marvin esquivellopez .
he's pleaded not guilty .
police say he fatally shot 29yearold rossibeth floresrodriguez, her 11yearold daughter and 5yearold son on july 16 in a des moines home .
court records show the new trial date of jan 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare .
us immigration and customs enforcement officials have said escobarorellana is in the united states illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting .
he was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the us .
boris johnson faces cabinet revolt to lower brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with brussels the sun .
with just three weeks to go until a showdown eu leaders' summit, fears are growing around the pm's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions .
boris johnson is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu .
negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the irish backstop, with brussels branding mr johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as unworkable .
senior ministers expect eu power brokers led by germany's angela merkel to offer the embattled tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop .
the sun has spoken to three different cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the tories annual conference in manchester next week .
they will demand he abandons the aggressive strategy devised by senior aide dominic cummings to try to bluff the eu with the threat of no deal, and insist he accepts the eu's last minute offer .
one cabinet minister dubbed the crushing supreme court verdict to end parliament's suspension on tuesday as a wakeup call, adding a deal is the only way we can leave on october 31 now .
we're never going to beat the numbers in the commons, and they are against us .
the pm has to lean in now and take what he can get .
being aggressive doesn't work, the cummings plan has clearly failed .
we just can't fight battles on so many fronts .
a second cabinet minister has vowed to tell mr johnson to try to push through expm theresa may's deal if all else fails .
that senior minister added i will tell boris to put theresa's deal back to the commons if i have to .
the numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this .
it's all over for boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend .
sir john major accused boris of not taking the negotiation seriously .
in a withering speech, the former tory premier said the prime minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with europe .
but we don't see him sitting down in brussels, hammering out an agreement .
instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in scotland inspecting eggs in wales and arguing with the public in high streets for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing .
the pm's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying no one should be under any illusion there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal .
but the spokesman also said the benn act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was actively undermining our negotiating position in brussels .
he said there is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the prime minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation .
brexit secretary stephen barclay goes back to brussels today for more talks with the eu's michel barnier .
they will discuss a paper on how an allireland zone on food and livestock would work .
ministers rb udhayakumar and benjamin conducted a review meeting for officials from all departments regarding flood prevention precautionary measures in view of the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
this review meeting was held in the meeting hall in the kanchipuram district collector office .
additional chief secretary for revenue and disaster management department and revenue administration commissioner sathyagopal, additional chief secretary and disaster management department official athulya mishra, kanchipuram district superintendent santhosh k mishra, and district collector ponnaiah took part in this meeting .
the minister of the revenue department rb udhayakumar said in his speech .
in kanchipuram district 50 zonal committees have been formed in view of the northeast monsoon .
to monitor the functioning of these committees 19 subcollectors, 33 technical officers and, to coordinate the above teams, supervising officials at the rank of district revenue officer have been appointed .
in kanchipuram district 515 areas have been identified as being prone to flood damage, based on the areas affected during the 201518 heavy rains .
among them, 149 are classified as the most affected areas, 166 as moderately affected areas and 116 as least affected areas .
for the people living in these areas, 3666 persons including 1153 women are appointed as primary care takers .
these primary care takers are provided enough training and advice regarding the measures to be taken during monsoon season .
also details about 374 snake charmers, 132 swimmers and 166 red cross volunteers have been collected .
the details of 108 primary care takers have also been collected to protect the animals in the affected areas .
the people above will immediately go to the floodaffected areas and take part in rescue measures .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department .
to provide shelter to floodaffected people, 3 multi purpose care centres, 20 storm shelters, 352 temporary shelters and 90 livestock shelters are kept ready .
as a precautionary measure against the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district, through the public works department, rural development department, municipality administration and town panchayat department, adequate equipment is kept in stock to prevent flood damage in addition, sand bags numbering 1 lakh 47 thousand and 10, 1 lakh and 7300 casuarina logs, 313 jcbs, 256 water pumping motors, 29 fibre boats, 175 electric saws, 54 electric cutters and other equipment are kept ready .
upon the suggestion given by the chief minister of tamil nadu, adequate arrangements are being made to store rain water during 2019 the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
and we will prevent the flood damages completely .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department, he said .
many people including district party secretaries chitlapakkam s sridhar, kanchipuram subcollector of saravanan, kanchipuram municipal commissioner mahendran, and district mineral resources department assistant director r perumal raja participated in this programme .
not ready to carry out any scheme that harms the principles and policies of the freedom party .
the president today 29 said that the sri lanka freedom party is not ready to carry out any programme that puts the future of the party members into question, harming the principles and purpose of sri lanka freedom party, during the kurunakal district conference of the sri lanka freedom party .
the president who spoke further said that though the sri lanka freedom party has met many setbacks in history, the party has not faced decline due to the people friendly activities of the party .
the president said that it is unacceptable if anybody comments that the freedom party is weak and in the coming elections, any candidate who wants to win in the presidential elections and become the president needs the cooperation of the sri lanka freedom party, and it is the sri lanka freedom party that is in a position to determine the future president .
the president informed that as per the prevailing constituency, instead of selecting a weak president in the future, the goal of the sri lanka freedom party is to capture the parliament in 2020 by building a powerful government .
the president said that he is planning to reach that goal through a coalition government instead of competing alone, and also informed that to guide the country which was destroyed by corrupt politicians towards a new path, the goal of the new government is to build a society that is free of bribery, corruption and dominated by democracy and freedom and a country that does not bow to foreign powers .
the president who informed that the conflict within the new government is not a personal issue between him and the prime minister but a conflict between corruption and bribery, that can also be described as a conflict between fraudulent new government policy and the peoplefriendly politics of sri lanka freedom party's bandaranaike .
the president who said that he took steps to remove the prime minister from that post and to appoint mahinda rajapakse and that it is not his problem that they are unable to act on the matters under their responsibility, also informed that mahinda rajapakse acting as opposition leader today and the members of podujana peramuna sitting in parliament is based on the letter given by the secretary of the united people's freedom alliance to the speaker .
the president said that the sri lanka freedom party which is not subjected to dirty political accusation will retain the identity, dignity and adoring in the future and will serve the country and the people with dedication .
the kurunakal district conference which was conducted as a part of nationwide district conference series was held today with the grand participation of a majority of party members at hettipola general market complex today 29th .
many senior members of the party including the senior vice president of the sri lanka freedom party nimal siripala de silva, general secretary dhayasiri jeyasekara, general secretary of the united people's freedom alliance mahinda amaraveera, national coordinator dhumintha dissanayake, lasantha azhakiyavanna and upper north state governor pesala jayaratne took part in this event .
lorraine kelly i was told i'd never make it in tv with a glasgow accent .
lorraine kelly revealed that tv bosses told her she would never make it as a presenter because of her glaswegian accent .
looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, kelly, 59, recalled how she felt very nervous ahead of her first appearance on screen .
i was only 25 and very nervous, she said .
i had been working as a researcher at bbc scotland and been told by the big boss that i would never make it in tv because of my glasgow accent .
i went down to london to meet all of the tvam team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the glasgow office .
i will never forget, anne diamond and mike morris were interviewing the icon that is bette davis that morning .
i couldn't believe that i was in the same room as a living legend .
i knew this was where i wanted to be .
kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in east kilbride, scotland before becoming a scottish correspondent for tvam in 1984 .
she went on to host shows including gmtv, itv breakfast and daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme lorraine .
she will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews .
the presenter said that passion and enthusiasm and curiosity were the secret to longevity in tv, adding you have to put in the work .
you have to be honest and authentic .
do your homework and be both interested and interesting .
looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, kelly revealed that reporting on the dunblane massacre was very tough .
i had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher .
one of the mums, pam ross, whose fiveyearold daughter joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house .
it was all under the radar, i went to joanna's funeral and pam and i have been friends ever since .
she added that interviewing kate and gerry mccann shortly after their daughter madeleine went missing in 2007 was extremely hard and said that she really admired their strength and courage .
they have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online .
my heart goes out to them .
lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on monday, september 30 from 830am on itv .
some officials have taken steps to include a few trains in service amidst a strike by railway union .
2 trains were operating towards colombo fort from silabam and mahava, early this morning .
2 trains were operating till colombo fort from galle .
zimbabwe chiwenga feared trapping .
vicepresident constantino chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president robert mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military takeover in november 2017, a senior government official has claimed .
as reported by the zimbabwe independent last week, mugabe offered chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup .
however, a senior government official said on social media chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the african union au that indeed he had been toppled in a coup .
in a twitter thread which confirmed zimbabwe's 37yearruler was willing to hand over power to chiwenga and not president emmerson mnangagwa, jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the office of the president and cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue .
government officials said mugabe approached chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands .
intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official .
the official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson george charamba, central intelligence organisation then acting boss aaron nhepera and roman catholic bishop cleric fidelis mukonori .
former reserve bank of zimbabwe governor gideon gono was another strand after he was sent by mugabe on a oneman mission with the offer of the presidency to chiwenga who was the zimbabwe defence forces zdf commander .
the man, who in death more than in life has been described as an african icon, tried in vain to get the au to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other african leaders .
offer of presidency to then cdf commander defence forces chiwenga by the late mugabe was not by choice .
it was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fastpaced wearing down a part of the late's family, the official jamwanda wrote .
but there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically .
recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the au position on coups .
the late mugabe hoped the then cdf chiwenga would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order .
the hope for the late mugabe was that the au, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence .
that was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made .
officials said mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him .
they said mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a gadaffistyle lynching .
military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his blue roof residence .
and at that instant mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power, the official said .
the then cdf and commanders correctly read the calculation .
the emissary gono of that desperate message was told through a powerful metaphor that isu tiri vemakwapamakwapa we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military we are not politicians or in political competition, the senior government official said .
government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple mugabe, but to deal with criminals around him .
mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure mnangagwa back from short exile in south africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession .
apart from negotiating with the army, mugabe also sought help from the region .
the south africans, who were key to the process not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president jacob zuma was the sadc chairperson refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, south african troops would have arrived in harare in no time .
that did not work because putin and african leaders did not prefer that route, a source told the independent .
tablet pcs will be given to all students pursuing higher education in national schools for all students, education minister akila viraj kariyawasam has informed .
the minister made this announcement yesterday during a meeting with reporters at the education ministry .
it has been decided to give tablets to teachers teaching higher education in national schools .
to facilitate this scheme steps have been taken to purchase one lakh tablets .
in its second phase, higher education students and teachers in other schools will also be given tablets .
the education minister also added that this practice has been a great change after the introduction of free education in the country .
china needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says .
china needs the strong, unified leadership of the communist party or the country will crumble, the government said in a policy paper released on friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's republic .
china's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership .
china is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen .
without a unified and strong leadership force, china will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world, it said .
chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on prodemocracy protests in beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability .
strongarm president xi jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's secondbiggest economy on tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012 .
xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region .
china does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not hegemony, the policy paper said .
the chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world .
in modern times, china has been bullied by the great powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused china will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples .
china is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the united states and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as antigovernment protests in the chinese territory of hong kong .
china will never trade away its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said .
the threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems, it said, in reference to its trade disputes with washington .
china is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum .
it will never be weakened by trade wars, the paper added .
china is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world .
the united states should look rationally at china's development, as china has no intention of challenging the united states and does not want to replace the united states, it added .
the united states cannot control china, and it is even more unlikely to stop china's development .
curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the united states strong .
on the first day of dengue, there are common symptoms such as feeling cold, fever, headache and body pain .
the fever becomes severe in the following two days .
there is unbearable pain at the back of the eye and severe body pain that makes it difficult for the sufferer to get up .
as with a fracture, the sufferer is completely paralysed .
the face itself mirrors the effects of dengue .
the face is swollen .
the appearance of red spots on the body is an important symptom of dengue .
it is essential to undergo blood tests like dengue igm and dengue igg .
the blood platelet count of a healthy person should be about 3 lakhs .
if a person is affected by dengue the platelet count may decrease below 20,000 .
therefore a test to determine the blood platelet count of should also be done .
there is no exclusive treatment for dengue fever only the symptoms are treatable .
so it is better to prevent dengue .
navaratri fasting is set to start from today .
fasting for one of the hindus' important festivals, navaratri, is set to start from today .
navaratri is to be observed from the coming 7th onwards .
those who are fasting for all nine days should fast and pray and only then should they eat, and they should also not lie on beds but instead should lie on mats .
on a day if there is star hastham with prime thithi, that day is considered as very auspicious .
it is considered that lord devi gives everything to those who worship her on that day .
on the first three days, one should worship goddess parasakthi requesting bravery and courage .
for the next days, goddess mahalakshmi should be worshipped for those wanting wealth .
on the last three days, lord kalaimagal should be worshipped requesting education, knowledge and artistic knowledge .
on those days, women whose husbands are still alive will be invited home, and they will be considered as goddess parasakthi and will be made to sit near the toy display and given turmeric, kumkum, coins and other offerings .
oil baths are not allowed during the navaratri period .
also stitching is not permitted .
if purattasi saturday fasting coincides on these days, bathing without oil can be taken and fasting can be continued .
oil lighting and worshipping can also be continued .
those who want to undertake navaratri fasting properly should not eat during the day during the first eight days, at night after performing pooja they can eat milk, fruits and snacks, undertake navami upavasa, and on the tenth day of vijayadasami they have to recite prayers before 830 in the morning .
those who are unable to follow this can eat once during the first eight days, and can consume milk and fruits alone on the last day .
there is no other fasting that is as simple and effective as navaratri fasting, says purana .
navaratri fasting is the one that gives everything needed by a man such as wealth, food, long lasting happiness, longevity, health, heaven and salvation .
those who don’t have children will be blessed with children .
if someone is poor in their studies, on observing this fast they will achieve excellence .
those who are unable to worship for the entire nine days can pray to goddess durga on ashtami and sleep throughout the night, goddess durga will safeguard them throughout their lives .
similarly, worshipping the things that we use regularly and books of children, after performing pooja and using them on the next day invokes special blessings .
navaratri worship is something that is carried out for praying to saraswathi, lakshmi and durga, the goddesses of education, wealth and bravery that a man needs in life .
after xi xinping was elected as the president of china for the second time, the communist government further strengthens its grip on muslims .
that is, people thinking of themselves as muslims should live in the country only under the identity of chinese .
they should identify as chinese in all aspects, starting from food habits .
muslims were given a 5year deadline for changing .
the xinping's ambassadors are meeting islamic leaders to explain the government's position and to request their cooperation .
the intention of the chinese government is that uyghur people should lose their real identity and join the national mainstream .
meanwhile, the un human rights commission made a shocking accusation against china, last tuesday .
it accused the chinese government of taking hearts, kidneys, livers and skin from people detained in camps .
china rejected this accusation and said “it is true that the body parts of convicted criminals were cut .
but we stopped that in 2015 the accusation from the un human rights commission is baseless” .
spice girls' mel c bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle .
spice girl melanie chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years .
sporty spice spent years undereating and obsessively exercising while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder .
now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, scarlet and that she doesn't ever allow people to speak about diets in our house .
scarlet's 10 years old now and i'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks, said mel .
but i think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that i'm very conscious of how i speak around her .
that positive language it's habit now .
speaking to women's health magazine, mel, who shot to fame as part of the spice girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that disgusting comments about her in the press led to her body issues .
i started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that i was underweight, she said .
i was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years .
trial of exathlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury .
jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an exuniversity of delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults .
jurors began deliberating the fate of 23yearold clay conaway on friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments .
a 21yearold woman says conaway raped her after she drove to his house in june 2018 .
the encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself .
she is among six women whom conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018 .
prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to conway forcing himself on her .
defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate .
to reduce the risks of disasters in chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram districts, studies are to be conducted with the technical assistance of the british embassy, revenue minister rb udhayakumar said .
studies will be conducted on behalf of the british embassy regarding reducing the risk of disasters in tamil nadu .
a forum for the officials of the concerned department was held in chennai yesterday .
the revenue minister rb udhyakumar participated and inaugurated the forum .
in the past, disaster management in tamil nadu has relied on relief works .
recently there has been a change in the approach to disaster management to include various elements such as evaluation of disaster risk, risk communication, disaster precaution, mitigation and immediate effective emergency relief measures .
based on this a tamil nadu disaster management vision plan has been released .
the tamil nadu government is implementing various disaster mitigation programmes to achieve the goals mentioned in this visionary scheme that is being developed according to the sendai framework .
furthermore, a government order has been released to carry on a field study to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation, under the technical cooperation entered between the indian government and the british high commission .
based on that, studies were planned to be undertaken to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation in cities with rapidly shrinking natural habitats and large coastal and urban populations such as chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram, jointly with the technical assistance of the british high commission .
if disaster risk reduction plans are devised based on this study, the number of lives lost during disasters will come down and damage to infrastructure will also be reduced .
thus the minister rb udhayakumar spoke .
prime minister modi visits chennai on the 30th .
the central security officers made an inspection as prime minister modi is scheduled to participate in the guindy iit convocation event .
the 56th convocation event of chennai iit is to be held on the coming 30th .
prime minister modi is the guest of honour at this event and he awards degrees to the students .
the prime minister arrives in a private jet from delhi and later goes to chennai iit in a helicopter .
the helipad at the chennai iit premises has been repaired for this .
intense security arrangements are being made for the prime minister's visit .
meanwhile, the personal security officers of the prime minister arrived in chennai yesterday and conducted an inspection .
they inspected the iit premises, auditorium, and the prime minister's resting hall .
the central intelligence wing warned 3 days ago that terrorists have targeted a few vips including the prime minister in the wake of the kashmir issue .
in such a sensitive situation, additional care has been taken for the prime minister's security .
the delhi officials also held discussions with the police of the tamil nadu security division regarding the security measures .
narendra modi visits chennai for the first time after being sworn in as prime minister for the second time .
so the tamil nadu bharatiya janata party cadres have planned to give him a grand reception .
but they may be banned for security reasons, it is said .
furthermore, the governor, as per the usual norms, along with the chief minister, important bjp executives and very few officials were planned to be allowed to welcome the prime minister .
after delivering his special address, prime minister modi will reach chennai airport in a helicopter and will go to delhi in a private jet .
people from the cinema industry have held discussions with minister kadambur raju in the secretariat regarding the sale of cinema tickets online .
the 2nd consultation meeting between the government, cinema producers and theatre owners regarding the sale of cinema tickets online in tamil nadu was held in the chief secretariat yesterday morning .
this meeting was presided by the tamil nadu minister for information and publicity, kadambur raju .
during his speech kadambur raju said “this project cannot be completed tomorrow .
it will be properly planned and implemented after hearing everyone's views” .
after the meeting actor sv sekar said .
this meeting was held on the subject of having a computerised ticketing facility in all theatres .
so that it will be possible to monitor the sales of all tickets through a single server .
hence, there will be transparency in the cinema industry .
the central government has passed a law mandating online ticket sales .
online ticket sales have been accepted by everyone in the industry .
using such practices, money in the cinema industry will be accounted for .
the fees and tax will obviously be visible .
and in case the government permits theatre owners to convert one theatre into four, multiple films will be released on the same premises .
while speaking to reporters, producer rajan said that the government of tamil nadu is committed to bringing this scheme in order to develop the cinema industry and for the welfare of the public .
the government is going to implement this scheme properly .
everyone should cooperate on this .
at the meeting it was insisted that the government should pass an order to convert theatres with a thousand seats to 4 theatres with 250 seats .
due to various processes including technical facilities needing to be updated, it is not possible to implement online ticket sales in tamil nadu before diwali, he said .
many including additional chief secretary niranjan mardi, chennai metropolitan development authority member karthikeyan, chief secretary of the department of housing and urban development department rajesh lakhoni, tamil nadu egovernance agency secretary santhosh mishra, chief secretary of the revenue department k balachandran, secretary for the tamil development and information department mahesan kasirajan, director of the news and public relations department p shankar, director for the department of urban development chandrasekar sakamuri, additional commissioner for land administration maheswari and tamil cinema producers and theatre owners participated in this meeting .
a lecher who sexually abused his sisterinlaw for four years at gunpoint was arrested .
a sisterinlaw should be considered as a mother .
but a lecher in gurugram near delhi has considered her a wife .
this incident took place in the bajghera area of gurugram .
this woman got married 9 years ago .
she was a mother of 2 children .
her husband's cousin's brother's house is also located near their house .
the women's husbands used to go to work in the morning and return in the evening .
the lecher made it a habit to sneak into the house in this gap .
at one stage he sexually abused the women pointing the gun he had .
he threatened to kill her husband and children if she brought up the matter .
in this situation, the women's husbands came to know about this matter .
shocked, he called the police control room and informed them .
subsequently, the police rushed to the area and arrested the lecher .
the police have filed a case under sections 376 and 506 of indian penal code .
in her statement to the police, the woman has said that because of the threat to kill her children, she did not bring up the matter .
video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted .
surrounded by the opera house, circular quay, luna park and of course the iconic harbour bridge, sydney harbour is the major contributor to the 219 billion sydney tourism pumps into australia's economy each year .
but beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth .
sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 olympicsize swimming pools of pollutants each year .
this horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest .
according to a new video, titled sydney harbour above and below, the waters around australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals all coming into the harbour from stormwater runoff .
but the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic .
i would call it a paradox, dr katherine dafforn, deputy director of the sydney harbour research program said in the video, which was released to coincide with world tourism day on september 27 .
it does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline .
the csiro estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains .
after we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour it's quite tragic, dr dafforn said .
two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater runoff .
but like an iceberg, the problem on sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean .
unless you spend time under the water, i don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there, richard nicholls, owner of dive centre manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year .
i think if more people knew what was under the water they would just be horrified .
overwhelmingly over half of everything we find is plastic bags .
the other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic .
when you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface .
jeremy brown, cofounder and managing director of the ocean protect, said there were ways people both locals and visitors alike could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways .
it has to start at the source, he said .
we have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans .
if we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean .
it absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source .
but we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple .
if we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves .
the video, which was funded by recycling company tomra as part of their broader efforts to educate australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month .
a new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the singleuse plastic waste problem .
the study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans .
many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to ecoanxiety .
archaeologists have found inscriptions of pandyas from the 13th century ad in the pond steps at kovanur near sivaganga .
the head of the ramanathapuram institute of archaeology v rajaguru and archaeologists kollangudi poet kalirasa and ramanathapuram m vimalraj undertook a field study at kovanur region in sivaganga district .
during that, 6 ancient inscriptions were found in the steps of the pond in kovanur .
after reading them all, inscription analyst vrajaguru said .
there are steps in the eastern shore of the pond at the entrance of kovanur and a feeding canal in the north .
in those steps of the pond ancient inscriptions containing a variety of information are seen as 6 pieces .
also, in another inscription a song of maravarman sundarapandiyan who ruled from ad 1216 to ad 1244 with madurai as capital, starting as “poomaruviya thirumatanthayum puvimadanthayaum” is present in 9 lines .
in this, details including the burning of tanjore and uraiyur and the demolition of the palace and hall were recorded .
these inscriptions contain details about thinaikkala nayagam, who manages the tax accounts of the government and the names of other government officials uzhakkudi muthan, veerapanjan, munayaththarayan, azhagana vaanavan, vizhayarayan and vandharayan are also inscribed .
the names of villages like mizhalai kootrathu naduvit kutru, keezh kutru, madhurothaya valanadu, keeranaur nadu, kaagnaiyirukkai and nallur, mizhalai kootrathu thachanur, pullurkkudi, madhurothaya valanattu purappatru and kaagnaiyirukkai uzhakkudi are also mentioned in these inscriptions .
symbols are used in these inscriptions to indicate the land extent of veli and iruma .
letters with long sounds are mostly not seen in the inscriptions .
a word neekki, neekki is seen as long sounding in one inscription and in another inscription is seen as short sounding as nikki, nikki .
apart from this, ancient black and red pottery tiles are found in abundance in this area .
the election for president is held in afghanistan today .
polling is held amidst heavy security .
the five year term of afghanistan's current president ashraf ghani ends this month .
so the presidential election is held today .
polling commenced in all the booths this morning .
right from the morning the public has waited in long queues and voted .
since there were violent attacks in several places during election campaign, additional security has been provided in the polling booths .
the spokesperson for the election commission said that polling has been peaceful throughout the country and it is happy to see that voters are interested in voting .
since many irregularities were reported during the elections held in 2014, it was decided to complete the elections before 20th april this year .
but the election was postponed successive times with the new voter census and the security situation cited as reasons .
presidential elections will be held in two rounds in afghanistan .
if none of the candidates wins a majority in the first round, there will be a contest between the top two candidates .
it should be noted that 18 candidates including the current president ashraf ghani independent and chief administrator abdulla abdulla afghanistan national alliance are in fray for the post of president .
ghana kaneshie traders support accra psychiatric hospital .
members of the kaneshie market association, yesterday donated food items worth gh¢ 30,000 to the accra psychiatric hospital, at a short ceremony in accra .
it forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the kaneshie markets complex .
the donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others .
the group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit .
in attendance was some management staff of the accra markets limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers .
presenting the items, madam mercy naa afrowa needjan, president of the greater accra regional market women association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility .
she noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society .
madam needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture .
receiving the items, dr pinnaman appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients .
she appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital .
thousands of devotees who gathered in rameswaram today for mahalaya new moon day offered alms to their ancestors .
the devotees, who took holy baths and offered alms in rameswaram, will offer alms to the ancestors every month on new moon day after fasting .
particularly the new moon day during the tamil months thai, aadi and purattasi are considered auspicious .
accordingly, today on the day of the mahalaya new moon, many people offered alms today to their ancestors at water bodies and at temples .
on account of mahalaya new moon day, thousands of devotees started thronging the kasi of south rameswaram, by train, bus and car right from yesterday .
today being new moon day, right from early morning, lots of devotees gathered at agni theertha in rameswaram and took a holy bath .
then they offered alms to their ancestors at the beach and worshipped .
after taking holy baths in the 22 theerthas, devotees worshipped ramanatha swami and parvathavarthini amman .
devotees waited in long queues to enter the temple .
everywhere in rameswaram there were crowds of devotees .
arrangements including drinking water facilities and bathroom facilities were made on behalf of the municipality for the devotees .
more than 500 police headed by the dsp of rameswaram mahesh took care of security .
similarly many devotees took holy baths on sethu beach near mandapam and offered alms to their ancestors .
the resignation decision of 17 ruling party mlas in karnataka has caused a storm .
the former speaker ramesh has passed an order disqualifying them .
this turmoil has caused the congress's janata dal secular rule to come to an end .
the rule ended as they failed to prove their majority, and ediyurappa of bjp became the chief minister .
rameshkumar has further ordered that the disqualified mlas cannot contest in elections during the current assembly's tenure .
opposing this order the 17 mlas went to the supreme court .
meanwhile, the election commission has released a notification that byelections will be held only for 15 constituencies in karnataka on october 15 .
former minister mr kannan has started a new party called the people's progressive movement in pondicherry .
today the former minister mr kannan has convened a meeting of his supporters at kamban auditorium in othiyan salai, pondicherry .
former minister mr kannan announced the launching of new party called makkal munnetra congress at that meeting .
this will bring about positive change in the state .
this will give the rights needed by the people .
it will strive for good governance in the state, he said .
the launching of his party coinciding with the byelections in kamarajarnagar constituency has caused a stir .
he served as the leader of puducherry youth congress, health minister in the farooq ministry and a speaker when vaithilingam served as the chief minister .
later he left congress and joined tamil maanila congress headed by moopanar .
he was also the home minister in the dmk–tmk alliance .
later he also left that and started his own party and again joined congress .
from that he joined anna dmk .
then he also left that and was in the sidelines .
now he has launched a new party .
tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer .
tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers .
medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves .
researchers found the same process happens in tasmanian devils and humans .
the discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients .
what do tasmanian devils and humans have in common? .
cancer cells that can turn invisible .
researchers, including from melbourne's peter maccallum cancer centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy .
it may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered tasmanian devil .
the study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as prc2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer .
this can be a major challenge in treating smallcell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as merkel cell .
'the huge significance from this project is that in patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead peter mac researcher mark dawson told aap .
existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as mhc, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells .
'potentially, this has farreaching implications for people with lung cancer,' prof dawson said .
'it's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe .
and we may be able to treat this in a far better way .
researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way .
'remarkably, exactly the same process happens in human and tasmanian devil cancers,' prof dawson said .
'thus far it's been very difficult to treat the tasmanian devil tumours .
but if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease' .
the building research organisation has advised the public to be cautious regarding landslide disasters .
the national building research organisation has warned the people to work cautiously regarding landslides that may be caused following severe rainfall .
this organisation has insisted the people in bulathsinhala, palallavida, maththukkama, agalawaththa, elpitiya, niyaakama, naagoda, imathuva and vaththekama regions to be cautious regarding landslides .
the organisation has advised people to be cautious about cracks on land, land caving in, unstable electric posts and trees, and also cracks on walls .
if such symptoms are seen, the national building research organisation has advised people to vacate those areas .
scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star .
scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 lightyears away from earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large jupiterlike planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf .
an artistic impression of the gas giant planet gj 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on september 26, 2019 .
stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them .
but in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on thursday .
the star, called gj 3512, is about 12 the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of jupiter, our solar system's largest planet .
yes, an absolute surprise, said astrophysicist juan carlos morales of the institute of space studies of catalonia at the institute of space sciences in spain, who led the research published in the journal science .
the discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that lowmass stars typically host small planets, similar to earth or small neptunes .
in this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to jupiter around a very small star, morales added .
the planet, which like jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the calar alto observatory in spain .
it travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days .
red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures .
gj 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35 bigger than jupiter .
they emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 degrees kelvin 6,380 degrees fahrenheit3,527 celsius approximately .
this is why they have a reddish color, morales said .
there is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the jupiterlike planet, morales said .
planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit .
under the leading model for planetary formation, called the core accretion model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas .
a competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system .
in this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold, morales said .
this makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear .
these clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet .
the order of the government of tripura banning the sacrifice of goats and hens in tripura has created a big stir .
the state government itself has declared in the court that the promise it was given during its merger with india in 1949 is being violated .
tripura which was ruled for by 184 rulers in 1355 years signed a pact with india expressing its willingness to merge with india .
the then queen of tripura, kanchan prava devi and the governor general of india signed this agreement .
the main feature of this agreement is that the financial assistance given by the government of tripura for 14 temples including the famous tripurasundari temple will continue .
sacrificing goats is a practice in the tripurasundari temple .
the government is also providing financial assistance for this .
the main condition of the merger agreement is that this should not be changed .
opposing this, one mr subash batterji filed a public litigation case in the tripura high court mentioning that sacrificing goats and hens with the financial assistance of the government hurts the feelings of the hindus .
the divisional bench magistrates sanjay karol and arindam lodh banned the sacrifice of goats and hens in places of religious worship .
the court also ordered the government not to provide financial assistance for these sacrifices .
the court has also served notice to the chief secretary of the state, all district magistrates and the police superintendents inviting their answers regarding this matter .
the court has also ordered that goats and hens could only be donated to the temples but should not be sacrificed all the temples should be monitored by installing cctv cameras .
now, the state government is to appeal in the supreme court against this ruling of the tripura high court .
the state government has informed that it will appeal in the supreme court pointing out that the tripura high court has rejected their argument that the promise made during their merger with india in 1949 should not be violated .
unemployed youth can apply for assistance .
young people who are unemployed after finishing their studies can apply for assistance, the collector of chennai district has informed .
the news release was given by the district collector sitalakshmi the tamil nadu governments assistance for unemployed young people is provided through the employment and career guidance center .
those who have completed qualifications like tenth standard fail, tenth standard pass, plus 2, diploma and degree and are waiting for more than five years without employment after registering in the employment office have to approach the district employment and professional guidance centre in santhome, chennai for financial assistance .
qualification for the applicants the applying applicants should have registered within 5 years and should be in live registers .
should be under 40 years of age, scheduled caste and scheduled tribes should be under 45 years of age .
the applicants should not be employed in private companies and should not be selfemployed .
deli worker accused of giving methlaced bean dip to coworker .
marion county sheriff's office cassandra medinahernandez, 38, is accused of giving methlaced bean dip to a coworker .
on thursday, 38yearold cassandra ani medinahernandez, of albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both class b felonies .
the charges stemmed from an incident that happened sept 9 at a thriftway grocery store in jefferson .
a 27yearold coworker of the suspect told marion county sheriff's deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw medinahernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by oregonlivecom .
the victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it, according to the affidavit .
when the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady .
she went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the albany democratherald .
police said that another thriftway employee said medinahernandez told her about placing drugs inside the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to the smoking gun .
oregonlive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows medinahernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down .
she then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish .
the item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said .
sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the oregon statesmanjournal .
medinahernandez is being held in the marion county jail in lieu of 520,000 bail .
her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to the smoking gun .
johnson hits back in prorogation row .
boris johnson's trip to the un general assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic supreme court ruling .
but his blistering commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse .
in the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are rté's europe editor in brussels, tony connelly, and london correspondent sean whelan in westminster .
candidates will win, dr anbumani ramadoss said .
the meeting of three forces convened by vanur assembly constituency pattali makkal katchi was held in a private marriage hall in pattanur, near vanur .
the party's state president gk mani presided over the meeting .
the president of the party's youth wing and mp dr anbumani ramadoss participated in the meeting and delivered the keynote speech .
during his speech he said .
anna dmk candidates will win by huge margins in the coming byelections for nanguneri and vikravandi assembly constituencies .
the government of tamil nadu should hold local body elections immediately .
this has been the demand of the people of tamil nadu .
central government should give up the hydrocarbon project in tamil nadu .
otherwise the pmk will hold protests .
also the government of tamil nadu should declare the cauvery delta region as a protected agricultural zone .
thus dr anbumani ramadoss spoke .
authorities investigating deadly crash in angeles national forest, body found cbs los angeles .
police were investigating a deadly crash in the angeles national forest thursday afternoon .
according to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the angeles forest highway and big tujunga canyon road .
initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time .
it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found .
due to low pressure prevailing at sea level in the southwest of the country, rainfall may increase moderately in eastern and central districts today .
the weather report released today morning by the meteorological department says that frequent rains or rainfall with thunder may occur in central and eastern districts and in ambanthottai and polanaruvai districts .
at a few places in these areas rainfall of more than 100 mm may be recorded .
in the other parts of the country rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in the evening or during the night .
in some places 50mm to 75 mm rainfall may be recorded .
the report has informed that there may be moderate rain in the morning in yazhpanam, mullaitivu and mannar districts .
people are advised to take necessary precautions to reduce the effects that may be caused by lightning strikes and heavy winds .
everybody's talking about jamie how to audition for the role of jamie new in the west end .
the west end's next big star could be out there right now and they don't even know it .
producers of everybody's talking about jamie are on the lookout for the next jamie new, and holding open auditions .
layton williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's uk tour, and the search is on for an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer to take over his role .
london auditions will take place on october 10 at the apollo theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song don't even know it, bringing a cv and headshot with .
there will be another audition on october 8 in sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week .
producer nica burns said thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the apollo .
we have found some fantastic young performers to join layton williams and shane richie on tour .
in the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new jamie .
williams, who started playing jamie new in february after original john mccrea, took to twitter to encourage all boys to send in their tapes .
the west end show has extended its run to august 29 2020, with the tour taking off in february .
the musical follows 16 year old jamie new, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress .
he may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star .
with the help of his mum and a local drag legend, loco chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight .
with music by dan gillespie sells and a book and lyrics by tom macrae, the show is inspired by bbc documentary, jamie drag queen at 16 .
vikram lander cannot be found, the american space research centre nasa has informed .
the indian space research organisation isro planned and launched a space craft mission chandrayaan2 to reach the southern polar region of the moon, which has not been explored by any country in the world so far .
chandrayaan2 vikram lander was expected to land slowly on the southern polar region of the moon on the 7th .
but the vikram lander lost communication when it was 21 kilometres from the landing site, which was a rude shock .
subsequently it was discovered that vikram lander made a hard landing, instead of the soft landing on four legs .
the images sent by chandrayaan2 orbiter confirmed that .
subsequently isro and the american space research organization nasa tried to restore communication with vikram lander again .
but the effort did not succeed .
with 14 days having passed, its life was over on the 20th .
meanwhile, nasa's satellite has photographed the site of vikram lander's hard landing .
however, nasa has informed that vikram lander could not be found .
the place of vikram lander cannot be seen in the images from the satellite .
nasa has said in its report that it may be hidden in the shadows .
in the best urbanisation programme held in bangalore, chennai municipality has been granted the award for giving the best service to people .
in the best urbanisation programme conducted on the past 25th jointly by the central housing and urban ministry and the smart cities council india, the sensory park constructed by the chennai municipality has been given the best award under the section for providing the best service to the public .
the host of this event, smart cities council, operates with its headquarters in washington and branches in europe, australia, new zealand and india .
this sensory park has been constructed at an estimate of 137 crores for the benefit of children with sensory processing issues, according to the world general design guidelines of chennai smart city project on 4th trust link road, teynampet zone of chennai municipality .
the special feature of this park is the sign boards that differently abled children can touch and feel .
this park has play equipment, a sensory notice board, wheelchairs for differently abled and specially abled children, an 8shaped infinite pathway with a foot healing floor, plants with fragrances, tactile sculptures and entertainment features .
this park has been very useful in capacity building, training and balancing the body condition of children with growth deficiencies .
this park has been constructed under the smart cities project fund and brought to use in december 2018, and has attracted various school children, children with growth deficiencies and the general public .
this park has various programmes for children such as awareness week for mentally disabled children and reading old stories .
on behalf of chennai municipality, deputy commissioner works m govinda rao received the award in a programme conducted on the 25th of last month in bangalore .
it should be noted that this park has been awarded the “best personality award” during the independence day event celebrated on august 15 last month .
raj cherubal chief executive officer of chennai smart city and executive engineer park pv srinivasan participated in this programme .
alfa laval wins sek 110 million natural gas order .
alfa laval a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the us the order has a value of approximately sek 110 million and is booked in the welded heat exchangers unit of the energy division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020 .
the order comprises alfa laval niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams ethane, propane and butane .
safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment .
our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry, says susanne pahlén åklundh, president of the energy division .
did you know that ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles? .
about alfa laval .
alfa laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling .
the company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes .
the solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol .
alfa laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications .
alfa laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena .
alfa laval is listed on nasdaq omx, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about sek 407 billion approx 40 billion euros .
the company has about 17 200 employees .
theni medical college's principal has informed that he is receiving threats following his complaint about impersonation in neet exams .
udit surya of chennai and his father dr venkatesan have been arrested for impersonation in neet exams and have been detained in madurai central jail .
when they were enquired by cbcid police, it was come to be known that a few more people joined in medical colleges by indulging in impersonation .
based on their information the cbcid police investigated 3 students from chennai .
during this enquiry, it was confirmed that those 3 students indulged in impersonation .
they were arrested by cbcid police .
the police were investigating them and their parents filing cases under sections of impersonation, preparing duplicate documents and conspiracy .
the police have sent notice to all neet coaching centres in tamil nadu .
the notice has asked them to send the list of students who passed the exam after studying in their centres .
also the police have sent a letter to the national testing agency in uttar pradesh to provide the list of students who applied from tamil nadu .
the medical college principal rajendran has made a complaint at kanavilakku police station seeking action against two professors velmurugan and thiruvenkadam working in theni medical college for helping student udit surya and for making changes in the attendance register .
he has also remarked in his complaint that he is receiving threats regarding the neet exam impersonation issue and requested security as he is receiving telephone threats .
royal family secrets surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the royal plane reveal .
as part of their royal duty, the royal family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime .
this is usually made easier by the royal plane a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances .
unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks .
aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the royal family can invite onboard any guests they wish including some unlikely passengers .
according to a recently premiered channel 5 documentary, the queen and prince phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the royal plane .
during the programme 'secrets of the royal flight', a former navigator of the queen's flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family .
bob shields said occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs .
it's no surprise that the queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for corgis .
from a young age queen elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned monarch .
in 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named monty, emma, linnet, willow and holly .
they were joined by five cocker spaniels bisto, oxo, flash, spick and span, and an additional four dachshundcorgi crossbreeds cider, berry vulcan and candy .
staff on board the royal plane certainly had their hands full .
the household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued shields .
i am delighted to say we never had one accident .
the programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the queen has been known to travel with while on duty .
according to the shows narrator for her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 the queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes .
to put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants .
however, the queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion .
reportedly the duchess of cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses .
former alabama congressman jack edwards dies at 91 .
retired 10term us rep jack edwards of alabama, who was in the first wave of deep south republicans, died friday .
his family said through a spokesman that edwards died at his home in fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
edwards was first elected to the us house in 1965 as part of the first wave of alabama republicans elected to congress as the party gained traction in the deep south .
he served 10 terms in congress .
in a statement released by his family, they said edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren .
my hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems, edwards said according to the family statement .
alabama gov kay ivey said edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity .
the governor said flags at the alabama capitol will be placed at halfstaff in his honor .
he was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for alabama .
our state has lost one of our finest, ivey said in a statement .
devotees donated 73 lakhs 24 thousand 501 rupees through charity boxes in ramanathaswamy temple in rameswaram .
after august 21, the temple employees opened the boxes in front of the shrines of ramanatha swamy, parvathavarthini amman and pancha moorthi and collected the donations .
then they counted the offerings in the temple marriage hall in the presence of the temple's joint commissioner kalyani .
many temple staff including the assistant divisional engineer mayilvaganan, manager murugesan, and superintendents balasubramani peshkars of kakkar annadurai, kalamanathan, kalaiselvan and kannan counted the offerings .
the devotees offered 73 lakh 24 thousand and 501 rupees in cash, 34 grams of gold and 1 kilo 495 grams of silver .
these offerings were deposited in the government bank on the order of the joint commissioner .
michelle obama calls meghan markle 'an inspiration' in adoring instagram .
michelle obama gave high praise to meghan markle in a sweet instagram on thursday, calling the duchess of sussex a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it .
the duchess and prince harry, now on a 10day royal tour of south africa with their baby son archie harrison mountbattenwindsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met obama foundation leaders .
thank you to my friend, her royal highness the duchess of sussex sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it, the former first lady wrote in her glowing post .
whether meeting with our obamafoundation leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many, obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling meghan posing with foundation leaders .
meghan interviewed obama for the september issue of british vogue, which the former suits actress guestedited .
in their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her .
being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go, obama said in the interview .
motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be .
not who i want them to be or who i wish i was at that age, but who they are, deep inside .
obama, who knows firsthand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with good housekeeping .
the pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot, she said .
so my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything .
i spent the first few months in the white house mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before i launched into any more ambitious work .
i think it's okay it's good, even to do that .
the 141st birth anniversary of thanthai periyar was celebrated on 1792019 from 6 pm to 8 pm at hunton in the state of virginia in america .
a photo of periyar was garlanded and it was held as a discussion on the topic “feminism respected by periyar” .
party general secretary doctor durai .
chandrasekaran presided and coordinated the event .
many thoughts were shared on the topic of women's rights .
we can see the women's rights that periyar wanted to see prevailing here .
even here the same situation of women being unable to become president prevails .
periyar is the leader who needs to be praised universally .
not the half in indian parliament .
what does the refusal to one third reservation to women show? .
thoughts about women's rights, education, employment opportunities, and periyar's contribution in caste abolition were proudly remembered .
engineer punniyaraj, mary, aruna, preethi, rasheetha, sophia, joel, kalaiselvi, ezhilvadivan and arivuponni shared their thoughts .
it was special that this programme gave the chance to remember periyar with gratitude, even though all are countries and continents apart, accepting periyar universally .
ruby manoharan has been announced as the dmkcongress alliance candidate for the nanguneri constituency for elections to be held in tamil nadu .
meanwhile, today the member for kanyakumari parliamentary constituency hvasanthakumar flew to tuticorin to commence his campaigning in nanguneri assembly constituency areas .
subsequently he met the reporters at the airport and said “many dmkcongress workers expressed their willingness to contest the nanguneri constituency .
a few had even said they would contest as independent candidates .
they would have said that out of interest .
however noone would contest as an independent candidate .
everyone will work together .
the central government cannot implement any kind of scheme under the sagarmala project in kanyakumari district .
environment and natural resources in a very small district like kanyakumari have to be protected .
so the construction of a new harbour in the sea in kanyakumari is not practically possible” .
trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint .
washington ap the washington alcoholic beverage control board has dismissed a request to review whether the local trump international hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character .
the agency ruled wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the district .
the washington post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a district law that says license applicants must be of good character .
the initial complaint filed last summer says president donald trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception .
it was killed because the license had already been granted .
the second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal .
as the 207 seats reserved in private medical colleges in tamil nadu for nonresident indians remain vacant, they are handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran filed a case in the madras high court seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came again for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer representing the medical council of india said “after three phases of counseling, if there are any vacancies, a list will be sent at the ratio of 10 students per seat .
but it is not clear if the seats were filled as per that list” .
furthermore, the tamil nadu government requested “the hon'ble court to pass suitable orders regarding filling of seats reserved for nonresident indians” .
the lawyer representing the petitioner alleges that “all the 207 seats were sold for a high amount to those who scored low marks” .
scandalhit cleveland police force branded the worst in britain in damning report the sun .
a scandalhit police force has been branded britain's worst by inspectors .
cleveland police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley says cleveland police force has seen 'significant deterioration' .
the force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded .
the report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley said there has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection .
chief constable mike veale quit in january after less than a year while facing an investigation into serious but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour .
assistant chief constable adrian roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct .
last year det insp simon hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex .
he quit the force .
tees valley's tory mayor ben houchen said this is official validation that the force is broken .
it's now time for the home office to intervene .
chief constable richard lewis said improvements have been made and i take full responsibility for driving through change .
nancy pelosi william barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course .
you never know where we're going next .
now, i think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate, pelosi said in an interview with cnn on capitol hill .
they will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts, she said .
a white house transcript released this week showed that trump asked ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate former vice president joe biden, a 2020 candidate, and biden's son .
trump also asked zelensky to work with barr and his personal lawyer, rudy giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed .
trump has denied he did anything improper .
cnn reported on thursday that justice department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding trump's conduct involving ukraine more than a week before the formal referral .
after receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the doj determined that trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation .
asked if barr should testify, pelosi said friday the intelligence committee will decide who to call as witnesses .
but she added that she believes barr has gone rogue .
he has for a long time now .
since barr was mentioned in all of this, pelosi said, referring to trump's mention of his attorney general on the july call with ukraine's leader .
it's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled .
pelosi said she's very worried about the whistleblower's sources, whom trump attacked on thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently .
i think what the president said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous .
our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding revealing wrongdoing in our government, pelosi said, adding, for the president to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government .
on tuesday, pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain .
the phone call was included in a complaint publicly released thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged trump abused his powers to solicit interference from ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election .
the whistleblower also alleged that white house lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for cabinetlevel officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information .
christian benteke crystal palace striker faces driving ban for speeding .
premier league star christian benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months .
the crystal palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the a3 in richmond, south west london, on january 20 .
the belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in putney, south west london, in march .
benteke, of kingston hill, surrey, is not required to be present at lavender hill magistrates' court this morning .
he pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of july under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone .
ghana kofi manu concerned over structure of vetting committee .
mr kofi manu, a football administrator and an official of sekondi hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the vetting committee for the upcoming ghana football association gfa elections .
he questioned the inclusion of the committee's chairman, mr frank davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion .
mr manu in an interview with the gna sport said, he had doubts the chairman of the committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process .
the vetting committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before .
for instance, mr davies was contracted by the nc as a lawyer to write to osei kwaku palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment .
he is also a known olympics supporter .
for these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest, he argued .
mr manu said there would be conflict of interest on the chairman's part if mr fred pappoe, a director of olympics appear before the committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards mr palmer if he appeared before the committee .
members of the committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on october 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the gfa secretariat in accra on thursday september 19 .
the chairman of the committee is mr frank davies with corporate governance consultant and legal practitioner, mrs marian barnor and mr emmanuel darkwah as members .
other members are mr reginald laryea, marketing and business executive and mr richard akpokavie, a sports administrator and legal practitioner .
with roopa gurunath selected as the president of the tamil nadu cricket association, it was said that the son of a former dmk minister had also tried for that post .
as per the recommendations made by the lodha committee, several reforms were being made in the indian cricket board and in state cricket associations .
the lodha committee recommends that a person cannot hold a post more than twice continuously and those above 70 years can also hold posts .
accordingly the incumbents in the tamil nadu cricket association were unable to continue .
and new people had to be selected .
there were reports that the son of former dmk minister ashok sigamani made moves to capture the post of tamil nadu cricket association president but that effort was stalled by seenivasan of india cements .
so ashok sigamani opted for the post of vice president, with no other option .
he runs a childcare hospital in kk nagar, chennai and is the younger son of ponmudi .
ashok sigamani has been an avid cricket fan since his school days .
at one stage he even tried to enter into the indian cricket team .
it is said that it is due to the efforts of india cements' seenivasan, the president and members of tamil nadu cricket association were selected without elections .
it was said that ponmudi's son ashok sigamani would have given seenivasan's daughter roopa a tough fight, in case elections were held .
he was silent only upon the peace pact from seenivasan's side letting ashok sigamani hold the post of vice president of the tamil nadu cricket association .
a case has been filed to hand over the tamil inscription images from the mysore inscription department to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
27 the madurai bench of the madras high court passed an order directing the central archaeology department to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols taken from inscriptions in tamil nadu .
the petition filed by manimaran of madurai the inscription department in mysore is controlled by the central archaeology department .
ancient inscriptions and historical documents in india are being preserved there .
the image documents including the tamil inscriptions here serve as a source to scientifically confirm the history of the tamils .
further, the tamil inscriptions have been copied through ink copy and documented there .
in this context, when the office of the department of inscription of mysore was shifted from the old building to the new building, the inscription images of most of the ancient tamil inscriptions were damaged .
the inscriptions there should have been properly maintained, published as books and should have been documented electronically .
but the documents related to tamil nadu that were kept in mysore were not properly protected .
hence, a situation arises where the future generations will not be able to know about the history and traditions of the tamils .
so he has requested to hand over the inscription images from the inscription department of karnataka to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
the case came for hearing before a bench comprising sivagnanam and r dharani .
during the hearing the judges ordered to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols of tamil nadus's inscriptions and adjourned the hearing to october 22 .
tipuric issues rallying call ahead of aussie showdown .
justin tipuric says it is time to perform when wales face a world cup showdown against australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament .
victory for wales against the wallabies would install them as redhot favourites to win pool d and secure a likely quarterfinal appointment with france or argentina .
but if australia beat wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send tipuric and company hurtling towards a lasteight clash against england .
there is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group, wales flanker tipuric said .
there have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them australia .
i think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win .
before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one .
now we are here, it's time to perform, really .
wales have only claimed one victory against australia, new zealand or south africa in world cup history and that was 32 years ago in a thirdplace playoff when they toppled the wallabies .
and their overall record under head coach warren gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights .
wales halted a 13test losing sequence at australia's hands last november, with tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 96 success who run out at tokyo stadium on sunday .
asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, tipuric added it's tough to say .
those games are so tight, there is maybe people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, i don't know .
in the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was .
if wales are to triumph, then tipuric's battle at the breakdown with australia's revered backrow double act michael hooper and david pocock will be crucial .
the 67 timescapped tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming .
they are absolutely worldclass sevens, he said .
when you play against worldclass backrowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game .
those two are consistently up there with the best in the world .
you know what type of game you are going to be in for .
pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively and michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time .
you would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a backrow that isn't as good .
you want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form .
i wouldn't say that sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this world cup .
momentum is an important part of it .
if you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat .
danger of chennai being submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
27 the interim government panel for climate change has warned that coastal cities including kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai face the danger of getting submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
the ipcc, which has done research for united nations climate change, has released the research report .
it has mentioned that at the end of this century the himalayas will melt rapidly and sea levels will rise significantly .
hence there will be a danger of the 4 cities kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai getting submerged in the sea .
at the same time many parts of north india will face very severe water shortages .
sea levels are rising faster than before .
around 14 billion people will be affected due to this in the year 2100 .
due to a rise in water levels up to 50 cm, apart from the 4 coastal cities in india, 45 port cities around the world are in danger of getting submerged in floods .
since this danger is on the rise every year, low lying coastal cities and small islands are in a very dangerous situation .
furthermore, if emergency measures are not taken to reduce global warming, sea temperatures will rise causing marine life to become extinct .
there will not be sea foods universally .
more cyclones are likely to develop .
during the years 1982 to 2016, there has been a twofold increase in sea temperatures .
thus it was mentioned in the research report .
eastenders spoilers ben kisses callum after whitney's bombshell .
the sizzling tension between callum highway tony clay and ben mitchell max bowden is set to explode once more in eastenders as a sudden bombshell from whitney dean shona mcgarty leaves callum thrown and leads him back into the arms of his lover .
but will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment? .
since callum helped to save ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling bobby beale clay milner russell, he and ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with callum recently telling ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side .
tonight, whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left .
it's clearly done her the world of good to get away from walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husbandtobe had cheated on her .
as she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with callum .
but soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling .
as callum reacts badly, jay mitchell jamie borthwick is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the queen vic .
drunk and emotional, callum marches round to ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him .
ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to callum and before long, callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss .
but where will they go from here? .
the couple will attempt a date next week but after ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards .
but after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident callum is determined to fight for what he wants and deserves .
eastenders airs the kiss on friday 27th september at 830pm on bbc one .
'total panic' as white house struggles to find impeachment footing .
white house officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed democratic impeachment push thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of total panic over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality .
there appears to be rising anxiety, unease, and concern as one person close to the white house described the mood in the west wing that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him .
there's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there, this person said .
white house officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply this doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle, the person quipped .
another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the white house as shellshocked, with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become unmanageable .
that concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more impulsive behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry .
that's sparking worries that trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment .
with his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during robert mueller's russia investigation .
he tried to downplay his request for the ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by democrats and presidential contender joe biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives .
but while many in the white house are battletested from the mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said .
for a president whose brand is viewed as strength, wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation .
while trump relished questions on the russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about ukraine, they said .
some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of the controversial call in question between president trump and ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskiy a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility .
and, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense .
but one republican strategist close to the white house points out that the president's base approval ratings are already skyhigh and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters .
there is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment, particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle .
another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be .
worried white house officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team .
with the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war roomstyle effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans .
but there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given democratic impeachment efforts, that person said .
the lack of a longterm strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when secretary of state mike pompeo and treasury secretary steve mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing trump's call with the ukrainian president and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation .
it is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by robert mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments one person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is corey lewandowski, trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter .
but lewandowski told nbc news it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort .
for the last five years, i've done everything i can to support the president and his agenda, he said, but i have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative .
trump's outside lawyer from the mueller investigation, jay sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts .
we will deal with matters as appropriate, sekulow said when reached by nbc news for comment .
the white house currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that emmet flood, who worked on the clinton impeachment and guided the white house through the end of the mueller investigation, has left, with current white house counsel pat cipollone lacking that type of experience .
one source familiar with the white house strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all handsondeck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said .
the meteorological department in its weather report released today morning has predicted rain with thunder in most parts of the country .
there may be rain or rain with thunder in the evening or night in most parts of the country .
a few places in sabaragamuwa, central and uva districts may receive up to 75 mm of rainfall .
areas lying beyond the coast in eastern district may receive moderate rain in the morning .
royal caribbean explorer of the seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed .
the explorer of the seas, part of the royal caribbean international family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer .
following an impressive 110 million £89 million revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family .
this summer the explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across italy and greece, giving passengers a taste of mediterranean europe .
however, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea .
offering something for everyone, the explorer's new 110m or roughly £89,000,000 boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape .
impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema .
however, possibly the most groundbreaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside .
for the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark .
islandstyle hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrillseekers onboard .
appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations .
for the little ones, the kid's adventure ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s .
if that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glowinthedark laser tag at the ship's studio b, which impressively doubles as an iceskating rink .
while sailing the mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard .
updated asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new giovanni's italian kitchen .
other eateries onboard include chops grille american steakhouse, boleros latin bar, schooner bar and johnny rockets express .
with a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from rome in may 2020 .
as royal caribbean's second european ship, it will join allure of the seas which has also recently undergone a jawdropping transformation .
following the allure's 58day makeover, which totalled a whopping 165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus 300 worth of onboard spending money .
according to the cruise operator explorer of the seas is the fourth ship in the voyager class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's royal amplified fleet modernisation effort .
an investment of more than 1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning oneofakind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife .
devin nunes accuses democrats of wanting 'nude pictures of trump' .
congressman devin nunes rcalif apparently can't bare the thought of president donald trump being investigated .
and in his defense of the president on thursday, he accused democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president .
nunes, the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that trump sought ukrainian help in investigating democratic presidential candidate joe biden and his son .
the congressman called the ukraine scandal a grotesque spectacle created by the left and their media assets before claiming the democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff .
democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of trump, nunes said .
people can reasonably ask why the democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance .
after nunes finished his dressingdown, huffpost senior political reporter jennifer bendery decided to find out if democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this .
so far, only connecticut rep jim himes d has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well .
mediaitecom suspects nunes' clothingoptional comments were a reference to some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details that supposedly appear in the controversial steele dossier .
that's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against trump compiled by former british spy christopher steele that mentions the possible existence of a pee tape, which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in golden showers in a moscow hotel room .
there has been a stir as a statement from theni medical college principal rajendran contradicts a statement from student udit surya, who has been arrested for impersonation fraud in neet exams .
dr venkatesan is from tondiarpet in chennai .
he is a doctor in stanley medical college, chennai .
there was a complaint that his son was involved in a neet exam impersonation fraud .
after conducting enquiry in this regard, the cbcid police arrested student udit surya and his father dr venkatesan .
the investigation revealed that udit's father venkatesan paid rs 20 lakhs, made another student write the exam and admitted his son to medical college by means of fraud .
following this udit surya and his father were produced in court and were put in prison .
in this context, the cbcid police investigated theni medical college principal rajendran earlier before investigating udit surya regarding the neet exam impersonation .
there is a difference in his statement to the cbcid police and udit surya's statement .
in his explanation, theni medical college principal rajendran said that the person in the hall ticket was present during admission .
and the student admission was done based on that .
so the same person who wrote the neet exam was present during counselling and admission and udit surya was present only in the college classes, said the principal .
but udit surya has informed in his statement that he was directly present during counselling and student admission .
how did udit surya secure admission in the college using the hall ticket with the photo of an impersonated person? .
how it was unnoticed during counselling and admission? .
these are the questions raised now .
now the investigations reveal that the student udit surya has given the profile containing his photo to the medical college during admission .
the photos in that and the hall ticket are different .
also the statement of the student udit surya and the statement made by theni medical college principal rajendran to the cbcid police are different .
so the cbcid police have started investigation with higher officials also .
the mysteries will be solved only if the results are revealed .
whoever is involved will become known .
mr sarath pawar gave a stirring interview declaring he will not bow to the central government, and also announced he will appear before the enforcement department tomorrow, in connection with a cooperative bank scam case .
the state treasury suffered a loss of rs 25 thousand crores due to malpractices at the maharashtra cooperative bank in 2007 .
this loss is said to have been caused by granting loans to sugar factories and spinning factories violating the norms .
regarding this scam, the mumbai police have framed charges against a senior official of the nationalist congress party, former deputy chief minister mr ajit pawar and 70 other people as per the order of the bombay high court .
this includes political leaders, former executives of the cooperative bank and officers .
in a sudden twist in this case, the enforcement department has filed a case on ajit pawar and nationalist congress party president sarath pawar on the basis of the case filed by the police .
sharad pawar is a former chief minister and also served as a minister in the central government led by congress .
with the elections for maharastra assembly scheduled on the 21st of next month october, this move by the enforcement department has caused a stir .
in this backdrop the president of the nationalist congress party mr sharad pawar spoke to news reporters in mumbai .
i thank the enforcement department for including me in this case, even though i am not a member or a deciding authority .
there is nothing surprising about this move .
i will be mostly out of mumbai for campaigning in my assembly constituency .
so the enforcement department would misunderstand me as being in hiding .
i am going to the enforcement department office on friday tomorrow .
and also provide them the information they need .
it is their right to enquire about the case .
i believe in the constitution .
so i will fully cooperate with the investigation .
maharashtra follows the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj .
we don’t know how to bow before the throne of delhi .
the maharashtra chief minister mr devendra patnavis has denied the allegations of political interference in this case .
regarding this he said .
the high court has ordered the police to file a case in this regard when the fraud is to a scale of rs 100 crores, the enforcement department will enquire that case .
so the enforcement department has become involved this case .
it is wrong to say that this move is for political reasons .
potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions .
while electric cars and tesla semitrucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy airplanes .
but a professor at the university of alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel .
dr david bressler is a professor at the university of alberta in the faculty of agricultural, life environmental sciences who began this project in 2003 .
his lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil .
unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleumbased fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process .
the technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleumbased fuels .
what our technology did in the first generation, bressler said is actually make the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline .
while this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to destabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem .
the problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch22, bressler said .
it's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements .
bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel .
the first being a lowrisk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen .
the second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures .
we can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit, bressler said about the second option .
that one's a higher risk .
the university of alberta spinoff company forge hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the canadian and american militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option .
they can see a future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax, he said .
they want an alternative in place that is a fallback position .
currently, forge runs a pilot plant near edmonton's waste management centre and recently acquired a us4 million investment from lockheed martin to support the construction of a 25million production facility to be located in sombra, ontario .
the facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year .
bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher .
as a technology guy, bressler said .
my job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with .
the high court decided yesterday to review the fundamental right petition filed by the obstetrician and gynaecologist dr sehu sihabdeen of kurunakal doctrine hospital .
this petition is to be taken up by the high court on 24th january .
it should be noted that the doctor shabi has filed a fundamental right petition objecting his arrest and detention by the criminal investigation department under various charges including doing illegal contraceptive surgery and collection of funds by improper means .
boris johnson's allies warn britain faces lastyle riots if brexit is reversed as pm calls for calm .
a senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the original result .
the prime minister's senior allies warned the uk faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in france over economic inequalities and los angeles riots in 1992 .
mr johnson said tempers need to come down in the furious row over political language but insisted he won't stop using the word surrender .
despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told the times in this country we never had the gilets jaunes yellow vests or the la riots in 1992 .
people don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before .
now they have a model gilets jaunes they have encrypted phones to coordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people .
riots in erupted in los angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver rodney king in 1992 .
earlier this year, antigovernment french protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of paris for more than six weeks .
the minister pointed to mr johnson's warning in the commons that there would be a catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system if britain failed to leave the eu .
if we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy, said the minister .
even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their mp and not let it go .
it doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street .
a senior cabinet minister added that country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one .
mr johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle brexit .
it has been reported he is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu instead .
pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder .
women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away .
it takes too long, people forget, said farzana bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the highprofile baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved .
though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the human rights commission of pakistan found at least 300 cases of honour killing in 2018 .
many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the honour based violence awareness network estimating that pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year .
prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of india .
india's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot .
normally the monsoon in north india recedes by the beginning of september, but the average rainfall this month has been 37 above normal .
if the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the india meteorological department .
many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of pune in western india, where torrential rain on wednesday and thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings .
homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon .
other cities such as kolkata, lucknow and hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall .
uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains .
the monsoon was also late to arrive .
many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought .
the extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers .
this amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year .
it is making my vegetables i've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment rot, said prakash mehra, a small farmer in bhimtal in uttarakhand .
for consumers, the impact of the delayed and now latereceding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in indian food .
onions are selling at 80 rupees about £1 a kilo in cities such as delhi and mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees 23p .
festivals are also at risk .
the next big festival is dussehra on 8 october, when hindus erect giant, comic bookstyle effigies of ravana, a figure from the hindu epic the ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin .
burning ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil .
but given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, ravana might have the last laugh .
how would the environment of a government hospital be if it is used for multiple facilities such as a bus stop, free car park, public toilet and meeting ground for political parties? .
this is the plight of the government hospital in uthangarai, in krishnagiri district .
this is an important government hospital where 1000 to 1200 patients are treated everyday .
in the areas that surround hospitals, many rules need to be followed, such as avoiding excessive noise and pollution .
with nobody following these rules, the uthangarai government hospital is in an awful state .
government and private buses are parked just near the entrance of the hospital .
even though the bus stop is near the hospital, the buses are parked near the entrance .
those buses create noise pollution .
the conductors' shouting adds to the woes .
the government hospital entrance is also the shelter for private ambulances .
so there is always traffic congestion in front of the entrance .
tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon, minister of revenue and disaster management rb udhayakumar said in trichy .
minister rb udhayakumar, who came to trichy to take part in various programmes, spoke to reporters .
other states except tamil nadu face the southwest monsoon .
the northeast monsoon commences in the month of october in tamil nadu and lasts for three months .
during this monsoon, if the low pressure bays formed on the surface of the sea gather momentum, there are chances that there may be cyclone landfall .
considering the impact of the previous cyclones, tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon during the current year .
4,393 areas are found to be prone to risks .
among these, places where water stagnates up to 5 feet were listed as most dangerous .
12 coastal districts in the state have a possibility of being affected by cyclones .
121 special centres have been set up in these districts to provide a safe shelter to the public .
apart from these, marriage halls, schools and community centres in other districts are also instructed to be kept ready .
rs 148 crores have been allocated for rescue works .
the state disaster force in these districts is also in a state of preparedness .
due to the precautionary measures taken by the government, not a single fisherman died during cyclone gaja .
instead there were losses of lives due to wall collapses and electrocution .
adequate precautionary measures are being taken this year to avoid even these such casualties .
along with rescue works, relief, rehabilitation and restructuring works are also going on .
accordingly, steps have been taken to issue pattas to 110 lakh people who have lost their homes and build houses in the districts of pudukkottai, tanjore, nagapattinam and thiruvarur which were affected by cyclone gaja .
thus the minister spoke .
due to the rains in the past few days, the lake in lord muruga temple in tiruttani is full .
saravana poigai lake is located near the steps that lead to the hill temple .
the devotees, after taking a holy bath in this lake, will walk through steps and worship .
in addition to this, during the annual aadi krithigai festival, a three day raft festival is celebrated in this lake .
since there was no water in the holy lake during the aadi krithigai festival last month, the lake was filled with water from tractors with the help of temple management, volunteers and devotees .
the function was held after that .
in this scenario, due to heavy rains during the last few days in tiruttani town, saravana poigai lake is full and the surplus water is overflowing now .
after a period of four years, the holy lake is overflowing only now .
district collector mr p ponnaiah has said that farmers can make more profit by choosing the fast growing tilapia fish .
in a press release regarding this he said .
farmers growing fish in farm ponds can select geneticallyenhanced tilapia fish they grow faster and are more profitable than other fish .
more tilapia fish can be kept and grown in less area compared to other fishes .
these fish are more immune and can grow faster than other fish .
also consumers want this fish more than other fish .
so farmers are requested to select these geneticallyenhanced fish and get more profit by growing them .
tilapia fish seeds are ready for sale throughout the year at the government fish farm located near krishnagiri dam .
farmers can buy and grow these fish .
farmers growing these fish have to erect safety fencing around their fish farms and due care should be taken to prevent these fish from spreading to the nearby water bodies .
they have to register their farms in kanchipuram district fish growers’ development camp first and then start growing the fish .
further details can be obtained in person at the office of the assistant director, fisheries department, east coast road, neelangarai, kanchipuram district or by calling 04424492719 .
a memorandum of understanding has been signed between three parties to conduct dna tests on human bones found in keezhadi .
the archaeology department of tamil nadu, madurai kamaraj university and harvard medical school have signed a memorandum of understanding to conduct dna tests on bones that were obtained during excavation of the sites at keezhadi, konthagai and adichanallur in tamil nadu .
the executive secretary and commissioner of the archaeology department t udhayachandran said .
the archaeology department, madurai kamaraj university and the david reich lab of harvard medical school will jointly sign a memorandum of understanding to take up the research .
we are hopeful of finding more ancient human bones in our future archaeological excavations in konthagai, keezhadi and adichanallur .
these samples will be sent for dna research .
this will reveal the genes that were found in the human bones excavated in tamil nadu .
heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke .
working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests .
that was the case for a group of japaneseamerican men in hawaii who were followed for more than three decades .
compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found .
this study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors, said study coauthor dr beatriz rodriguez .
she's a professor of geriatric medicine at the university of hawaii at manoa .
the findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on oahu who took part in the kuakini honolulu heart program .
because only men of japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted .
since pesticides have a long halflife, their effects on health may show up years after exposure .
in this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure .
after following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant, rodriguez said in a news release .
this was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life .
researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke .
the zelenskytrump phone call poroshenko weighs in .
it was an explosive week in washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against us president donald trump .
for political novice volodymyr zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid .
but what do we know so far about the zelenskytrump affair and will it have farreaching effects for the former? .
quite early on in the phone call, trump tells zelensky that the us is doing more for ukraine than other european countries .
although the calls notes released by the white house is not verbatim, it details trump taking a hit at german chancellor angela merkel that the german leader and other european counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals .
it was zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with trump 100, rather 1000 .
zelensky added that both the french president macron and merkel are not working enough to assist ukraine .
this exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within ukraine, talking on social media .
petro poroshenko, ukraine's former president, took to twitter to say that the support provided by the eu has been unprecedented .
in other tweets, poroshenko said that he was grateful for the eu support provided during russian aggression, which included sanctions and economic aid .
others expressed their concern, with ukranian politician victoria voytsiska saying how could we speak to germany and france again? .
trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims one into joe biden's son hunter but also into the hacked dnc server, suggesting that ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the democrat's emails during the 2016 election .
whether this will hinder european relations, or burn bridges with his french and german counterparts, is unclear .
i don't want to say anything bad about anyone .
we thank everyone who helps us, zelensky said in new york at the un general assembly following the release of the phone transcript .
zelensky is set to meet the leaders of russia, germany, and france in the upcoming normandy four summit in october .
previously dormant black holes may suddenly become active and swallow the stars that pass nearby .
if a black hole becomes a shining atomic nucleus it is called a quasar .
the scientists in baltimore observatory in america have seen six of these quasars .
the scientists are also surprised that this phenomenon, which should have taken thousands of years, wass over within six months .
the reason for growing many trees is that they absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and release oxygen .
but a bbioreactor device namely eos created by hypergiant industries absorbs as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees .
it is an algae called chlorella vulgaris, grown inside the eos bioreactor that looks like a refrigerator, that absorbs the carbon dioxide .
the prime minister narendra modi made a speech on the radio programme 'maan ki bath' .
during the speech, prime minister narendra modi conveyed his wishes for navaratri and also requested the people to make this 150th birth anniversary of gandhi a special one and free this country from singleuse plastic .
modi spoke tobacco affects brain growth and injures health, so we should try to avoid that .
ecigarettes have been banned recently as they contain harmful chemicals .
the public don’t have enough awareness about this .
young peope should stay away from ecigarettes .
there has been a misconception that ecigarettes are harmless .
unlike normal cigarettes, heating liquids containing nicotine in ecigarettes produces a kind of chemical smoke this can be detrimental to the health .
ghana wins two icao awards .
ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th international civil aviation organisation icao assembly in montreal, canada .
the safety award was in recognition of ghana obtaining africa's highest score in aviation safety oversight after scoring a provisional effective implementation ei rate of 8989 percent .
this was after icao concluded its coordinated validation mission icvm on april 3, 2019, in line with the united nations aviation agency's universal safety oversight audit programme .
the award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the icao's recommended standards and protocols on security at the airport and ghana's airspace .
the awards scheme was established in support of the icao's no country left behind initiative .
additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of icao who had improved upon their safety and security standards .
present to receive the awards for ghana was the minister of aviation, joseph kofi adda director general of the ghana civil aviation authority, simon allotey ghana's ambassador to canada, nii ayikoi otoo and the managing director of the ghana airport company limited, yaw kwakwa .
the president for the international civil aviation organisation, olumuyiwa benard aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space .
he said it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities .
on his part, mr adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance .
he further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying aviation holds a lot to transform our lives .
the socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve .
in the midst of the united nations general assembly meeting held yesterday in new york, prime minister modi held a discussion with the member countries of the caribbean community and common market caricom .
during this meeting modi announced financial assistance of 14 million usd for caribbean community and common market community development projects and a loan of 150 million usd for schemes related to solar, renewable energy and climate change .
prime minister modi also announced the setting up of the regional centre for excellence in information technology in georgetown and the setting up of the regional vocational training centre in belize .
caricom is a federation of 20 nations in the caribbean islands, ie the west indies .
they work together to build economic and political community, to design policies for the region and to promote economic growth and trade .
during his welcome address for the leaders of the west indian islands, prime minister modi said, “i welcome your interest in participating in this meeting .
india is fighting against some important issues of today such as climate change and poverty .
with today's meeting, india joins caricom countries in fulfilling today's needs and future aspirations with mutual cooperation .
i hope that we all put forward important recommendations from our part,” prime minister modi said .
the caribbean islands are located in the americas region .
a few of these islands are surrounded by caribbean islands .
a few islands are surrounded by caribbean islands on one side and on the other side by the north atlantic ocean .
these islands are located in the southeast bay regions of mexico, east of central america and north of south america .
it consists of around 700 islands .
though these islands are located very close to america, economically they are still developing .
a considerable number of peope of indian origin live on these islands .
in this context india has made this financial assistance to the caribbean countries .
trump nominates peter gaynor to be fema chief white house .
federal emergency management agency fema acting administrator peter gaynor smiles as he testifies before a senate appropriations homeland security subcommittee hearing on fema's fy2020 budget request on capitol hill in washington, us, april 3, 2019 .
washington reuters us president donald trump nominated peter gaynor on thursday to head the federal emergency management agency fema, the white house said in a statement .
gaynor, fema's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires .
the agency has been without a senateconfirmed administrator since march, when brock long left the post .
long resigned after the department of homeland security, under which fema falls, concluded long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between washington and his home in north carolina .
a different nominee for the job, jeffrey byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl .
gaynor's nomination to the post was expected .
he will require a majority of the senate to approve the nomination to take the job .
before becoming fema's deputy administrator in 2018, gaynor worked in emergency management in rhode island and was a marine, the white house said .
even after many rounds of talks between tamil nadu and karnataka regarding the cauvery issue there is no success, central minister nitin gadkari has informed .
the 34th convocation of vit university was held yesterday at katpadi in vellore district .
the central road transport minister nitin gadkari participated in that event as a special invitee .
his speech goes on like this apart from the generation of electricity from wind mill and solar energy, the scheme to convert sea water into drinking water is also planned to be implemented .
we are considering the generation of electricity from windmills at a low cost in tuticorin, kandla and paradeep ports .
if this scheme is implemented, electricity can be generated at a cost of rs 250 per unit .
to prevent 3000 tmc waste water entering into sea from godavari in andhra pradesh, we have devised a plan at a cost of 6 thousand crore rupees and implemented that .
but many rounds of talks with tamil nadu and karnataka to implement water conservation schemes have not yielded results .
there will not be any issue between tamilnadu and karnataka if cauvery waste water entering the sea is stopped .
so far there has been no improvement in the cauvery issue through dialogue, .
thus gadkari spoke .
following this, gadkari participated in laying the foundation stone for coir bodies started in 13 states, held on behalf of coir board .
when gadkari left the venue the bjp cadres shouted “bharat mata ki jai,” as usual .
meanwhile the supporters of vellore dmk mp kathir anand, who were present there, shouted long live periyar .
seeing this, gadkari left the venue, smiling .
police shut down illegal marijuana vaping operating in san gabriel valley cbs los angeles .
el monte cbsla police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the san gabriel valley thursday .
the bust happened at about 437 pm after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil concentrated cannabis oil at an office building in the 9600 block of telstar avenue .
lt christopher cano with the el monte police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges .
the process is very dangerous, cano said .
cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable .
simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration, he said .
and if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion .
a hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance .
the value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known .
detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation .
investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation .
they said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant .
while the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping .
this is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying, cano said .
this could be mixed with other harmful chemicals .
it could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations .
elizabeth i's lost dress to go on display at hampton court palace .
it was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies .
to eleri lynn, curator of the dress collection at historic royal palaces, that meant only one thing .
the faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of elizabeth i .
three years after lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in bacton, herefordshire, elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at hampton court palace, close to the very rooms where the tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago .
it is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16thcentury dress survives .
and while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe .
cloth of silver, a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the virtuoso quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners .
the gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a tudor mansion .
in addition, said lynn, in the 1590s, late in elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric .
it's a big thing to say, so i have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it .
and it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a wow moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress .
the long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of st faith's, bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear .
bacton was the home hamlet of blanche parry, the closest of elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with parry .
though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe elizabeth must have given it to the parry family or the parish in blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603 .
after more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the rainbow portrait, one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by hatfield house for the duration of the exhibition .
when you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them, said libby thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the hampton court grounds the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries .
looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it .
i have never worked on anything that's quite so elite .
the lost dress of elizabeth opens on 12 october at hampton court palace .
the incident of a student named udit surya joining in theni medical college by impersonation has come to light .
following this he has been arrested by the cbcid police along with the family .
following this the verification process of student images has been intensified in all medical colleges .
in this situation, a difference between the old and present images of students jothika and siva ramachandran of psg medical college, coimbatore was found .
subsequently an enquiry was made by the medical college department .
the interview given by the director of medical college narayana babu, to the reporters today .
we received a complaint on 23rd that there is slight difference between the images of the two students .
following this, we constituted an enquiry committee comprising 5 members .
we conducted an enquiry with the two students and their parents .
we collected their certificates, neet exam hall ticket, and identity card and compared these documents with our documents .
at the end of this scrutiny it was confirmed that both the students were not fake .
problems like this arise even when there is a small difference in the photographs .
so the health minister has ordered the introduction of a biometric process in student admission from next year onwards .
in future biometric and fingerprints will be used .
during application, exam and student admission phases, the details of the concerned student will open only upon providing the fingerprints .
so no one can cheat .
following this the students siva ramachandran and jothika who were subjected to the enquiry spoke to the reporters together .
jothika said in the photo provided by me i appeared with double braids .
that photograph was taken during my school days .
now i have changed my hairstyle .
so it is not similar now .
so i have been made to face enquiry for this small issue .
my haircut has created the problem and nothing else, she lamented .
ramachandran said there is difference between my present and old images .
at that time, i had only one photo .
that was an old photo .
hence there was confusion, and an enquiry was made .
pondicherry plastic association has requested prime minister modi to save the livelihoods of lakhs of workers .
a press note released by sankaran and secretary vk balu says .
in india plastic recycling is done by collecting the plastic thrown in streets and dustbins .
plastic that is currently banned in few states throughout india is recyclable .
in india due to poverty and unemployment 60 to 70 of plastic waste is recycled already .
the remaining plastic waste can also be used in a useful way .
plastic waste can be used in various ways such as 1 plastic tar roads 2 electricity generation 3 petrol and diesel production 4 concrete block production .
the carrier bags which are considered as the most important singleuse and disposable items are being given free to the public because of the culture of compulsorily providing free packing of items while buying in shops .
these plastic bags are seen openly in water bodies .
since these carrier bags have very low density, all other waste materials thrown into water bodies reach the bottom, except the plastic .
unfortunately only the plastics are seen floating .
throughout india there are 40,000 plastic manufacturing industries .
among them 98 belong to small scale and marginal industries .
similarly there are thousands of shops that sell plastic items .
there are 2,000 companies that export plastic materials .
it gives employment to around 50 lakh in both production and sales .
plastic industries have a turnover of 5 lakh crores and give an income of 50 crores to central and state governments .
as far as the plastic industry is concerned, there are no environmental issues in its production or usage .
but unfortunately environmental issues are caused because of a lack of awareness among the public about the environment .
so we humbly request the prime minister not to ban any plastic items on october 2 and make an announcement to impose strict rules to handle plastic waste properly and to act in a constructive way, and to save the livelihood of thousands of young, small and marginal scale entrepreneurs who are dependent on this industry and the livelihoods of lakhs of workers who are dependent on them .
thus they said in the statement .
the president of the indian haj association abubacker, who participated in the all india haj seminar, said that efforts will be taken to include india in the list of countries that provide on the spot umrah visas on landing in saudi arabia, in the airport itself .
he proudly informed that tamil nadu is the only state in the country giving grants to haj pilgrims .
an all india level seminar conducted by indian haj was held in haj house in mumbai .
the indian ambassador for saudi arabia dr azub and the president of the indian haj association abubacker attended as special invitees .
leaders of the haj association, executive officers and officials of the external affairs and minority welfare departments also participated along with them .
during his speech abubacker said that the government of tamil nadu has been giving grants to haj pilgrimage for the past two years due to the love and affection it has towards muslims .
he noted that tamil nadu is the only state in india to give such a grant .
following his speech, the indian ambassador for saudi arabia said that efforts will be made for the pilgrimage of 30 lakh hajis before the year 2025 .
hajis who went on pilgrimage in 2019 were known to have a few problems on the air india flight .
hence a new agreement will be made with air india to provide more facilities to the hajis who would go on the 2020 haj pilgrimage .
he also said arrangements will be made to accommodate hajis with star hotel facilities, with the help of oio, a saudibased indian firm .
steps to be taken to make more muslims travel were also discussed in this review meeting .
on behalf of 30 crore muslims in india and the indian haj association, president abubacker thanked the prime minister's office and minorities ministry for their tireless work for the 2019 haj pilgrimage .
a car was suspiciously caught in mud on agricultural land this morning in ponnai sn palayam, near katpadi in vellore district .
there was noone near it .
the car's back window was broken .
there were dangerous weapons like sickles and knives and red sanders inside the car .
the people of the village alerted the ponnai police about the matter .
the police quickly arrived on scene and rescued the car that was caught in the mud .
mexican cartel boss behind onethird of drugs in the us .
chicago just after sunrise on chicago's west side, cbs news watched the morning rush for drugs .
brian mcknight with the drug enforcement administration dea showed what was going on in broad daylight .
last year in chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses .
mcknight said probably 90 of the drugs in chicago are coming from mexico .
the dea is focused on a mexican drug lord named nemesio cervantes, known simply as el mencho .
he is the number one priority for dea and frankly for federal law enforcement in the united states, said matthew donahue, the dea's top agent in mexico .
a bounty for el mencho is up to 10 million .
he has helped uncover dozens of el mencho drug labs in the jungle .
el mencho's cartel jalisco nueva generacion, or cjng, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the us by land and sea .
according to the department of justice, the cartel has trafficked tons of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyllaced heroin .
el mencho has a 10 million bounty on his head .
ironically, he lived in california some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to mexico .
that's where he started the violent cartel .
he has got an enormous amount of weapons, rpgs, 50 caliber weapons .
he basically has his own swat teams, donahue said .
from shooting down a mexican army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, el mencho protects his empire with impunity .
cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years .
according to statistics from the mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day .
back in chicago, the mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear .
at the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands .
more than a third can be traced back to el mencho's cartel .
he is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids, donahue said .
so, when someone's child dies, donahue said there's a good chance those drugs came from el mencho's organization .
last year, more than 67,000 americans died from an overdose .
those who don't feel proud to call modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians, central minister jitendra singh has said .
it is a known fact that bjp leaders are continuously engaged in projecting gandhi and nehru in the wrong sense .
just a few hours before a programme howdy modi in houston in america, the central minister amit shah has said that nehru was the reason behind the creation of pakistanoccupied kashmir .
a few days ago, many bjp leaders including pragya thakur insulted gandhi and praised ghotse .
in the program “howdy modi” held in houston, prime minister modi informed that he supports american president trump to be elected again .
in return american president trump has heavily praised modi .
during his speech he mentioned that there were severe divisions in india and as the father of the nation he eliminated those divisions and united the nation .
while gandhi is usually called as the father of nation, this has shocked several people .
senior congress leader anand sharma said “the prime minister has used the programme howdy modi to campaign for trump .
this is a very wrong .
projecting himself as the father of india, instead of gandhi is also a wrong one” .
central minister of state jitendra singh said “american president trump has praised our prime minister as the father of india .
a few have objected to this .
those who don’t feel proud in calling prime minister modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians,” and this speech has created controversy .
the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
in the meeting of ministers of the nonalignment movement, the secretary of sri lankan external affairs noted that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
the speech of the external affairs secretary is as follows .
the secretary of sri lankan external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly, while speaking in the minister's level meeting of the nonalignment movement in new york on 26 september 2019, the secretary of external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles when the universal multilateral mechanisms is in trouble .
as the nonalignment movement includes 55 percent of the world population, it is its moral duty to voice the concerns of the south, particularly the growing small countries .
sri lanka again confirmed its commitment towards the efforts of the nonaligned movement that faces universal challenges such as conflicts, migration, climate change and infectious diseases that cross national borders .
nontraditional security threats such as climate change is not only a threat to the economy and community but also emerges as security threat that affects communities and countries due to manmade disasters .
while welcoming the summit of united nations general secretary for climaterelated actions, held in the headquarters of united nations on 23 september 2019, the secretary aryasinghe expressed his deep concerns about negative impacts of climate change in island nations such as sri lanka .
the external affairs secretary expressed hope that by fulfilling the duties mentioned in the paris agreement, the cop25 to be held in chile will increase its efforts to combat climate change .
the external affairs secretary aryasinghe informed that sri lanka gains prominence in opposing all kinds of racism, hatred and violent extremism and there is the need to focus on the new threats that are proved by the easter sunday attacks in sri lanka .
he also noted that such a universal threat threatens the security of all nations and it cannot be handled by a single country but needs cooperation, and also he called upon the nonalignment movement to contribute in a constructive and cohesive manner for this universal security threat .
the external affairs secretary also noted that sri lanka believes in a free society where freedom of expression is ensured, however we should stay vigilant about hate speech and the threat of abusing the internet and social media platforms .
the theme 'upholding the principles of sovereignty and political freedom as a means of maintaining universal peace and security and improving friendship and cooperation between nations' became the subject of a ministerslevel meeting and also an outcome document was accepted .
sri lanka was the joint sponsor of 1955 bandung conference and a founder member of the nonalignment movement .
this group has been growing continuously for the six decades and its current number of members in united nations is 120, which is more than two thirds of the members .
new york is the permanent embassy of sri lanka for the un .
to improve the livelihood of poor and disadvantaged people in tamil nadu, former chief minister jayalalitha has announced an affordable amma cement scheme .
cement bags will be sold at 190 rupees per bag .
to obtain this, an aadhar card, family card, flat document and approved building map or an approval certificate from the village administrative officer needs to be handed over to the amma cement head of sales at tamil nadu civil supplies corporation godown .
the application should be sent along with the dd for the number of cement bags needed .
the cement bags will be handed over within one week of uploading the dd number on the website .
this is the procedure .
this is not followed properly in many places .
throughout tamil nadu there are complaints about officials receiving money inappropriately and selling amma cement bags on the black market .
to avoid any difficulties, the users try to get the bags quickly by offering kickbacks .
ps4 game goes oldschool, as sony reveals surprise playstation 4 news .
sony has shed more light on upcoming ps4 exclusive the last of us part two .
as part of sony's recent state of play presentation, sony announced a february 2020 release date for the last of us sequel .
fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game .
even more details have been announced in the days since the big last of us 2 gameplay reveal .
and it looks like sony and naughty dog are taking it back to the oldschool in more ways than one .
something we haven't seen very often since the psone era, the last of us part 2 will ship on multiple discs .
naughty dog's neil druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with the telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever .
this story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't, he said .
and it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters .
we didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way .
we got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section, druckmann continues .
it's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one bluray, it's on two discs .
elsewhere, it was revealed that the last of us part two contains one or two not safe for work easter eggs via gamespot .
while we won't ruin the surprise here, the ingame easter eggs include references to oldschool naughty dog releases .
you can find out more when the last of us part two launches exclusively for ps4 on february 21, 2020 .
ps4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up the last of us remastered with ps plus .
sony recently announced the playstation plus free ps4 games for october 2019, which includes the aforementioned naughty dog release .
mlb the show 19 will also be available for ps plus subscribers in october .
if you enjoy the last of us remastered and want to preorder the sequel, sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12inch statue of the iconic character .
the sri lankan government has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again .
a media release given by the foreign affairs ministry regarding this is as follows .
external affairs secretary aryasinghe has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into commonwealth again .
last thursday the external affairs secretary ravinatha aryasinghe welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again and in order to allow complete participation in the commonwealth government leaders' conference in 2020 he again insisted the complete support of sri lanka to use the fasttrack process that was used in allowing zambia back in again .
he made this observation in the conference of the commonwealth external affairs minister presided by the minister of state for the commonwealth and united nations lord ahmed of wimbledon, as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly .
he informed that sri lanka experiences a strong mutual relation with maldives which is a close neighbour and one of the south asian countries and we are happy that it has expressed its willingness to rejoin the commonwealth as a part of one of the primary initiatives taken by the new administration during the last year .
the external affairs secretary has noted that extensive evaluation work done by the secretariat of the commonwealth in january 2019 has paved the way for a positive resolution and any obstacle against its reentry should be considered just as a simple defect that affects all countries .
he insisted that further obstacles that lead to fewer incentives should not be kept in their path .
the external affairs secretary also participated in the conference of the group 77 g77 external affairs ministers at new york on 27 september 2019 .
it was noted that g77 is being positioned uniquely to call for universal actions as a remedy for various needs of the countries in special situations such as underdeveloped countries, growing countries that are surrounded by land and growing small islands .
this problem adversely affects economic and social development and also their ability to achieve sustainable development goals .
this organisation should act as a collective voice that calls for international aid and support for vulnerable and marginalised countries, particularly towards financial and skill development .
also in a statement released during a cooperative discussion of a meeting regarding 'science, technology and innovation' in which sri lanka acts as associate chief operator, the external affairs secretary remarked that the asian cooperation discussion region plays an important role in sustainable sociocultural and economic development .
the mediation position played by the asian cooperation discussion in promoting economic competitiveness helps asian countries to compete equally in the world market .
prime minister scott morrison has announced almost 100 million of extra assistance for droughtaffected communities .
a program delivering cash payments to droughtaffected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler .
the package includes almost 34 million for the drought community support initiative allowing eligible households access to up to 3000 in emergency payments .
up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to 1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the drought community programme .
the new support package comes on top of more than 7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government .
upon the order of the chief minister to monitor the precautionary and relief measures during the northeast monsoon seasons in chennai municipality, ias officers have been appointed for all the 15 zones headed by the government's chief secretary for the revenue and disaster management department .
the advisory meeting with the ias officers appointed for the 15 zones was held in ribbon building meeting hall, presided by the commissioner k prakash .
on account of the northeast monsoon, the monitoring officers appointed as per the order of the chief minister to oversee the zonal level actions are taking precautionary measures in each zone as per the advice of the minister for municipal administration, rural development and implementation of special programme sp velumani .
in this meeting extensive discussions are made regarding the works to be undertaken by the officials of the public works department, highways department, chennai metropolitan water supply and sewerage board, tamil nadu electricity department, tamil nadu slum clearance board, tamil nadu housing board, hindu religious and charitable endowments department, chennai and kanchipuram district revenue department, bsnl, chennai petroleum corporation limited, chennai metro rail limited, southern railways and national highway, concerning their departments .
it was requested to inform the regional monitoring officers, chennai metro municipality commissioner and assistant commissioners and to take up works immediately, coordinating with the officials of all departments .
in chennai municipality wards from 1 to 200, desilting works to prevent blockages in the open canals and in rain water drainage channels have been started and are in progress .
the officials were ordered to complete these works soon .
the workers in all the 200 wards in the chennai municipality are instructed to be present without taking leave .
it was announced in the meeting by officials of the concerned department that the chennai municipality is in a state of preparedness to take up all works reported during the zonal supervisor’s inspection, and to face the monsoon .
the officials from various departments viz tamil nadu adi dravida housing and development board managing director sajjan singh r chawan, regional deputy commissioners pn sridhar, dr albie john varghese, chief engineer, head engineers, executive engineers, zonal officers, public works department, highways department, chennai water and drainage department, electricity department, traffic police department, forest department, southern railways, chennai metro rail limited, and fire and rescue services participated in the meeting .
ronald lee haskell man convicted of killing his exwife's family in texas .
ronald lee haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of stephen and katie stay and four of their five children in spring, texas .
authorities said he entered the stays' home on july 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, melannie haskell .
she was not there, but her sister, katie stay, and her family were .
stephen stay, 39, katie stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when haskell opened fire, the harris county sheriff's office said .
only one member of the family, then 15yearold cassidy stay, survived .
authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery .
jurors on thursday unanimously rejected ronald lee haskell's insanity defense .
the jury was dismissed until monday for sentencing .
quantum internet closer to reality sciencedaily .
a us army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer .
such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches .
the us army's combat capability development's army research laboratory's center for distributed quantum information, funded and managed by the lab's army research office, saw researchers at the university of innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables .
entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits .
when two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away .
this 50 kilometers is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building intercity quantum networks, said dr ben lanyon, experimental physicist at university of innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the nature journal quantum information .
intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled .
this distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said .
the demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement, said dr sara gamble, comanager of the army program supporting the research .
the quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications .
the research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap .
using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored .
as a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled .
the challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables .
the photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber, lanyon said .
his team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser .
the photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for longdistance travel the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers .
the researchers then sent this photon through the 50kilometerlong optical fiber line .
their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled .
the choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be cotrapped with a high quality clock qubit .
large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications, said dr fredrik fatemi, an army researcher who also comanages the program .
bosnians protest croatian plans for nuclear waste facility .
hundreds of people rallied friday in northwest bosnia against plans by neighboring croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty .
the protesters in the bosnian town of novi grad urged croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in trgovska gora and pledged to fight the project .
the facility would hold waste from the krsko nuclear plant .
holding banners reading i want a healthy future and stop the una river needs us, bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the una river and the lives of around 250,000 area residents .
we have to say no! .
miroslav drljaca, the head of novi grad municipality told the crowd .
we must fight to preserve our way of life and our una .
located in slovenia, the 1980s krsko plant is owned jointly by croatia .
officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities .
croatia's state hrt television reported friday that croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility slovenia is building .
croatian minister of environment protection and energy tomislav coric told the broadcaster that croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution .
in bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear .
how come that out of entire croatia, the best is the trgovska gora pocket that is in bosnia's pants? asked drljaca .
we must not let them humiliate us! .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi, has accused that the concern of the uttar pradesh government about the farmers is just in advertisements only .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi is criticising various activities of the bjp government through social media .
in this context, yesterday she remarked that the government of uttar pradesh is not concerned about farmers' wellbeing .
priyanka gandhi has said in her post “the concern of the bjp government of uttar pradesh can be seen only in advertisements and hoardings .
farmers have not even received their arrears from the government .
the farmers were not proper electricity distribution .
but their electricity bills are severely hiked .
they are being cheated in the name of a loan waiver .
also they are insulted by the government of uttar pradesh” .
what is munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in the politician on netflix? .
the condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy .
the politican hits netflix today .
the show tells the story of payton hobart who wants to be president of the united states of america but first, he has to be student body president at his high school .
made by american horror story and glee creator ryan murphy, it features gwyneth paltrow, ben platt and lucy boynton .
without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about munchhausen's by proxy a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick .
there are different types of the condition, including munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill .
munchhausen's by proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill .
it is also known as fabricated or induced illness fii and is categorised as child abuse .
it is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill .
what are the signs of munchhausen's by proxy? .
the signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the nhs says that things to be aware of include .
persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy .
exaggerating or lying about symptoms .
manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes .
inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances .
how common is munchhausen's by proxy? .
as many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is .
one study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period .
what should you do if you think a child is at risk .
you can contact your local social services department or telephone the nspcc's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
the central government has given approval to build 123 lakh houses throughout india under the prime minister's housing scheme, including 26 thousand 709 houses in tamil nadu .
the central government is implementing the prime minister's housing scheme to ensure all the people in the country get their own house before 2022 .
in this case, the central sanctioning and monitoring committee csmc headed by the secretary for the central housing and urban affairs department durga sankar misra has sanctioned the building of 123 lakh houses at a cost of rs 4988 crores .
this information was given in a press release by central government yesterday .
accordingly, a maximum 27,746 houses will be built in west bengal and in tamil nadu 26,709 houses worth rs 939 crores will be built .
and houses are also planned to be built in the states of gujarat 20,903, punjab 10,332, chhattisgarh 10,079, jharkhand 8,674, madhya pradesh 8,314, karnataka 5,021, rajasthan 2,822, and uttarakhand 2,501 .
under this order, the central government has so far given permission to build more than 90 lakh houses in cities alone .
under this scheme, before 2022, 112 crore houses are planned to be built in cities and a total of 2 crore houses are planned to be built, including in villages .
nigeria police raid kaduna school, evacuate 300 children .
kaduna the kaduna state police command yesterday raided a school, imamu ahmad bn hambal, located at layin maidubun tsumma at rigasa in igabi local government area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children .
the police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition an allegation the school authority denied .
a resident who identified himself as shehu, a preacher in the school, said what they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents .
the parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school .
the parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in .
we were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school .
this is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police .
he added that the immediate past police commissioner abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained .
‎he said the children only studied quran and nothing else .
but the police command public relations officer, yakubu sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government .
they were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring quranic knowledge .
with many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten .
so, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility, he said .
foreign talent important to china's development .
guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the belt and road initiative bri, the guangdonghong kongmacao greater bay area gba, and shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area .
nanfang media group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 1070 in guangdong .
born in 2010 during the asian games in guangzhou, yash from singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in guangzhou .
nikita nikandrov, a russian student of shenzhen msubit university said, with the bri, russian students can study together with chinese students .
we can make new ideas and businesses together .
rachel rommeswinkel from the us started her career as a beauty blogger in dongguan and has over one million fans on bilibili and weibo .
she said she will keep sharing chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos .
leticia de lassus from france, the head of jjb international montessori ami centers in guangzhou, agrees that children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket .
if the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place .
chineseamerican henry xiao believes that at the heart of gba, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent .
nanta show producer sean choi from south korea said guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the nanta show to guangdong .
stephan mohler from switzerland, the technical quality director at the pearl river pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well .
to his surprise, many talented young people in china enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better .
unibet takes on its second us market .
kindred group's flagship brand unibet takes on its second us market in pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into pennsylvania with the opening of its sportsbook in partnership with mohegan sun pocono marking the company's second us market entry in just one month .
mohegan sun pocono's full destination offering, combined with unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state .
earlier this month, unibet launched its new jersey sportsbook and multiyear partnership with the new jersey devils .
we are excited and proud to partner with mohegan sun pocono to welcome patrons to our new sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino .
we wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer pennsylvanians a truly unmatched inhouse and soontocome online sports betting and casino experience, says manuel stan, svp kindred us .
we've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans .
introduction of the unibet offering to the market is a great positive for mohegan sun, as well as the state of pennsylvania, says aviram alroy, vice president of interactive gaming at mohegan gaming entertainment .
betting offerings to start will include nfl, ncaa, nhl, nba, pga, professional tennis, boxing, ufc, rugby, nascar, mls, premier league soccer, la liga and bundesliga .
powered by kambi, a worldleading b2b provider of premium sports betting services, the unibet sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around .
later this year, together with mohegan sun pocono, unibet will also launch its sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via apple and android mobile devices .
the minister of the rural industries department p benjamin applied nalangu for pregnant women and donated them essential materials in the angle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women conducted on behalf of the social welfare and nutritious meal programme department's integrated child development services scheme, at a private marriage hall located at villivakkam panchayat union, tiruvallur district .
in the programme minister p benjamin said .
the government under the chief minister, who follows the footsteps of the late chief minister amma, is providing many schemes for the poor and disadvantaged people and is working towards improving their livelihoods .
in such a way, amma's best scheme, the bangle wearing social ceremony scheme for pregnant women is being implemented in the best way .
monetary help for pregnant women has been raised from rs 12 thousand to rs 18 thousand .
this monetary help has been split into several instalments as prematernity, maternity and postmaternity .
amma's government is donating a gift pack consisting of 16 kinds of items for children born in government hospitals .
thus this government headed by the chief minister is considering the welfare of the people and works towards improving their livelihood .
today more than 200 pregnant ladies were applied with nalangu and received donations of essential materials .
earlier, all the people headed by the minister took an oath for nutrition awareness .
only after that did the minister release the nutrition awareness guide .
finally, at the end of the bangle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women, minister p benjamin served five types of rice and food to pregnant women .
the bangle wearing social ceremony on behalf of the integrated child development services scheme in tiruvallur district was held at 13 taluk level .
3,160 pregnant women from 1760 anganwadi centers in ellapuram, gummidipoondi, kadambattur, minjur, pallipattu, poonamallee, poondi, rkpet, chozhavaram, thiruvalankadu, tiruvallur, tiruttani and villivakkam regions participated in the bangle wearing social ceremony .
the project director tamil nadu state rural livelihoods mission vai jayakumar, project officer of the integrated child development servicesscheme rajeswari and government officials participated in this programme .
on the second day, october 1, actor kamal haasan will deliver a speech about the digital era and constructive use of social media by young people .
this will be followed by speeches by many experts on topics such as fake news, challenges and complications in cinema production, screenplay for new fans, and youttube's business model .
many successful people from the film and media industry are going to share their views .
those who want to participate in this twoday programme lasting from morning to evening can contact the number below and register their names! .
vijay alone getting this much opposition means he is growing, said his father and director sa chandrasekar .
the audio launch of the film bigil was recently held in chennai .
vijay participated in that event and said “in the death of subasri caused by a banner falling on the road, they are accusing the lorry driver and the printers of the banner, not knowing whom to blame he also said “people should be given positions only according to what they deserve” .
this speech by vijay was not welcomed by aiadmk and it is facing severe criticism .
meanwhile, makkal needhi maiyam president kamal hassan has supported vijay's speech .
in this context, vijay's father sa chandrasekar arrived at tuticorin airport through a flight from chennai to take part in an event in nagercoil, kanyakumari district .
there the reporters posed him questions about the criticism faced by vijay .
he answered while riding on a bike on the road, subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road .
everyone is talking about this issue .
vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about .
even the court has asked why the people involved in subhasri's incident have not been arrested until now .
but it is not clear why the ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone .
when vijay faces this amount of opposition, it means he is growing .
will your speech garner this amount of opposition? .
if vijay's speech faces criticism, that means he is growing .
the reporters asked, based on the speeches made by vijay on stage, will he definitely enter into politics .
sa chandrasekar answered “it doesn't seem so, for me” .
we asked aiadmk regarding this .
there is no second opinion that the death of subhasri is unfortunate .
but why did vijay have to wait until the audio launch of bigil to air his views about that incident without speaking about it immediately .
vijay's fan once fell from the top and died while erecting a cutout for his film .
even that video was released .
“vijay should have asked his fans to stop erecting cutout for his films by then,” they said furiously .
for the past few days, a video has been circulating on whatsapp warning people to be 'careful with dogs' .
that video asks children to inform their parents if they have been bitten or scratched by a dog .
it also shows a video portraying a boy with more than 90 percent damage caused by the rabies virus, as he had not informed his parents about being bitten by a dog .
the video shows the boy barking like a dog as he is being treated in a hospital .
we asked veterinarian anandapadmanaban if the whatsapp video showing the person affected by rabies behaving like a dog is accurate .
when a dog infected with the rabies virus bites a person, it is true that the rabies virus will affect the person bitten .
but rabies is not spread by being scratched by a dog's nail .
if the rabid dog's saliva touches the scratched area, it may cause spreading of the disease .
when the saliva touches the wound or injury in the subject's body, it will cause the disease to spread .
so as a precautionary measure, it is best for dog owners to receive an injection of the rabies vaccine .
we veterinarians also receive the rabies vaccine injection once a year, as we need to treat dogs .
freshly picked turmeric contains vitamin c .
turmeric has the property to control blood pressure and the heartbeat as it contains potassium .
turmeric contains minerals such as manganese, potassium, pron, calcium, zinc, copper and magnesium .
by applying a paste of turmeric powder mixed with salt and lemon extract, wounds, sprain, injuries caused by friction and joint pains will be healed .
a mixture of asafoetida powder and turmeric powder in water, when boiled and inhaled, cures a single side headache .
this contains antibodies and fibres that control bad cholesterol .
turmeric contains many important chemical compounds such as niacin, riboflavin, and pyridoxine .
inhaling the smoke resulting from burning turmeric cures blocked noses .
curcuma turmeric has more aroma than normal turmeric .
it has the property of curing skin diseases .
it is useful in curing pain, infections in the nose, abdominal pain, breaking cysts and mosaic disease .
some young women may be seen with a slight moustache on their upper lips like men .
applying curcuma turmeric powder or paste on the face will help prevent the growth of such hair .
there will be brightness on the face .
'hideous' central coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court .
dressed in a leafy ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12yearold from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's central coast in may 2017 .
he then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her .
shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation .
the man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between august 2016 and april 2017 .
the 12yearold victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife .
when she pleaded stop, stop, stop, he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub .
the man told the girl shhh, don't scream .
don't scream or i'll have to hurt you .
holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour .
after he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school .
the man arrived at work about 930am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues .
with dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment .
the man's sentencing hearing continues on tuesday .
pope warns tech execs to use ai for the common good .
pope francis on friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good .
francis addressed a vatican conference that brought government envoys and facebook and google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists .
a smattering of academics and catholic bishops rounded out participants at the common good in the digital age conference .
the threeday gathering is the latest evidence of the vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence .
the debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the christchurch, new zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage .
in his speech to the conference, francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor .
but he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor .
if technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress, he warned .
if mankind's socalled technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest .
organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the catholic church on high tech issues .
martin odegaard, real madrid loanee, sends fans wild with mindboggling assist .
martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener .
real madrid went top of the la liga table following their 20 win over osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season .
however, despite not losing a single game in la liga this season, manager zinedine zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous preseason and a public rift with welsh star gareth bale .
the pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when real madrid were humiliated by parissaint germain psg in the champions league .
but zinedine zidane and real madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the frenchman's plans and those that aren't .
vinícius junior is one such star for the future for real madrid and is currently with the team .
however, another norwegian youngster martin odegaard, who has been loaned out to real sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mindboggling assist during a la liga match .
playing for real sociedad vs alaves, martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener as real sociedad ran out 30 winners at home .
after picking the ball up on the right, martin odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inchperfect throughball and poke home .
willian jose's second and a third from the impressive oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for imanol's side, before alaves midfielder manu garcia was sent off with five minutes to play .
martin odegaard joined real madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype .
now 20, the norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet .
anna hazare surprised sharad pawar's name figures in maharashtra state cooperative bank scam case .
anna hazare said sharad pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me .
social activist anna hazare has expressed surprise over nationalist congress party or ncp chief sharad pawar's name cropping up in the multicrore maharashtra state cooperative bank scam .
probe agency enforcement directorate or ed has filed a money laundering case against sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar a former deputy chief minister of maharashtra and others in connection with the scam .
an enforcement case information report, equivalent to a police fir, has been registered by the central agency under the prevention of money laundering act .
the case is based on a mumbai police fir which had named former chairmen of the bank, ajit pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender .
when this case came to me, sharad pawar's name was not there anywhere .
how did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know, anna hazare said on thursday when asked about the ed case and sharad pawar's alleged links to the scam .
anna hazare, a sharad pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ed carries out a detailed investigation in the scam .
the ed will come to know how his name figured in the case, said anna hazare, a veteran of many anticorruption agitations .
sharad pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the october 21 assembly polls in maharashtra .
the former union minister has asserted he would not bow before the throne of delhi, apparently referring to the bjpled government at the centre .
the ncp has termed the enforcement directorate case as politically motivated .
south africa man, 20, charged with murder of ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu .
a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of university of kwazulunatal ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the national prosecuting authority npa .
the accused appeared in the msinga magistrate's court on thursday on a charge of murder .
kzn npa spokesperson natasha kara told news24 that the case was postponed to october 2 for the bail application .
she added that the state would oppose the accused's release on bail .
according to kzn police spokesperson colonel thembeka mbele, the 20yearold accused was arrested on monday .
ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week .
it's believed that she worked as a hostess at the msinga driftkhana motorsport event on saturday evening .
in a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended .
on their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed away in hospital, their statement read .
ukzn suspended academic activities on friday, saying the circumstances of ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society .
mylan agrees to pay 30m in epipen settlement .
mylan has agreed to pay 30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a justice department investigation into whether the company overcharged medicaid for the epipen .
the securities and exchange commission said friday that mylan nv classified the epipen as a generic drug under the medicaid drug rebate program .
this led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the epipen had been classified as a branded drug .
mylan had disclosed in july that it had reached an agreementinprinciple with the sec on the matter .
the company said in a statement friday that it neither admits nor denies the sec's allegations .
people in landslide disaster areas are warned to vacate immediately .
a landslide disaster warning has been issued to people living in low lying areas in 'the divisional secretariats in bulathsinhala, palallavitta, maththukkam, akalavaththai in kaluththurai district and the divisional secretariats in elpitiya, niyakama, nakota, imathuva and vaththeekama in kali district and they have been asked to vacate immediately .
similarly people in thodangoda, ingiriya, palinthanuvara, herana divisional secretariats in kaluththurai district and the thehiyovitta divisional secretariat in kekaalai district and kadavathsaththara, neluwa, thawalama divisional secretariats in kali district have been requested to be cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
similarly people in the divisional secretariats of kalawana, ayagama, giriella, eheliyagoda, rathinapuri, kuruwita in rathinapuri district are requested to stay cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
a landslide disaster warning has also been issued to the ettiyanthotttai divisional secretariat in kekaalai district .
in west bengal, steps are being taken to make a statue of goddess durga, using 50 kilograms of gold, for the durga puja festival .
in west bengal, the trinamool congress headed by mamata banerjee is in power .
every year durga puja is celebrated in a grand manner here during october or november .
durga idols are erected in main streets and worshipped .
durga puja celebrations for this year will start on the 4th of next month and will last for 10 days .
in this scenario, the festival committee has planned to erect a 13 foot tall gigantic statue of goddess durga, at santhosh mithra square in kolkata .
commenting on this, the president of the committee said “the durga statue is made using 50 kg of gold .
its total value is 20 crores .
most of the works are completed .
this statue will be kept in the pandal for worship in the next few days .
no one has ever made such an effort .
for this purpose, we have collected donations from business establishments, the public, and private institutions .
after we have dismantled the statue, we will take back the gold in it and use it for the next year .
the president of the south indian rivers linking farmers association ayyakannu has warned that if the tamil nadu government does not take necessary steps to waive agricultural loans, a blockade will be carried out in chennai during the first week of october .
the discussion meeting of the south indian rivers linking farmers association was held yesterday in poolampatti near manapparai .
many farmers from manapparai, vaiyampatti, thuvarankurichi, and the virali hills area participated in this meeting .
during the meeting it was demanded to bring the cauveryvaigai gundaru scheme through vaiyampatti and fill panjapatti lake, ponniyaru dam and kannuthu dams during floods .
further, genetically modified seeds should be banned .
many resolutions including waiving of all crop loans of farmers and immediate provision of crop insurance for the year 201617 were passed .
the farmer’s association president ayyakannu said during his speech at this meeting that tamil nadu has faced the worst drought .
the chief minister edappadi palanisamy should take appropriate steps and waive farm loans .
otherwise a very big demonstration will be held in chennai during the first week of october .
mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons .
a woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children .
sarah barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of tristan barrass, 13, and blake barrass, 14 .
the brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the shiregreen area of sheffield, south yorkshire, at about 730am on 24 may .
postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on friday at sheffield crown court .
the exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known .
barrass appeared in the dock alongside her codefendant, brandon machin, 39, a family member .
flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children .
the pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20minute hearing .
the conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 may .
four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including blake and tristan on 23 may .
the fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 may .
the surviving children are all under the age of 13 .
the judge, jeremy richardson qc, told the pair no words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done .
the crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves .
the murder of two children .
the attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children .
i have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment .
it's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed .
they will be sentenced on 12 november .
the vikram lander cannot be found, nasa has announced .
the vikram lander, which went so close to the moon and lost communication, cannot be found, nasa has announced .
recently the isro launched the chandrayaan2 spacecraft to research the moon's south pole .
it was scheduled to land the vikram lander on the surface of the moon on the early morning of september 7 .
but at a distance of 21 kilometres from the moon, communication between the vikram lander and the isro control room was lost .
following this, in the images sent by the the chandrayaan 2 space shuttle satellite, the vikram lander was found lying on the surface of the moon .
the 14 day lifespan of the vikram lander also ended .
the efforts of the isro scientists to establish communication with it did not yield results until today .
it is considered that due to the vikram lander landing on the moon at a high speed, it might have collided with the surface and that might have caused a malfunction .
subsequently, the vikram lander, weighing 1471 kilograms, might have been damaged when it landed at a speed greater than 200 kilometres per hour .
the isro will be releasing a detailed report on .
what caused the failure of vikram .
meanwhile, america's nasa also tried to find the site where the vikram lander fell .
nasa's satellite has photographed the site where the vikram lander landed .
nasa has announced that the vikram lander cannot be found in the satellite images .
more than 50 thousand antiquities and artifacts have been registered in tamil nadu, the archaeological officer cr gayathri said after participating in a registration of artifacts and awareness camp, she told the reporters .
if there is any object more than 100 years old, drawings, manuscripts more than 75 years old in homes or in companies, they should be registered with the registration officer of the indian archaeological department .
by this, the certificate for that item can be obtained and retained with us .
the awareness camp regarding this was conducted in each town from september 13 to september 28 .
this created awareness about registering antiquities, and other information such as where applications are available .
who will register, where to register are available .
apart from registering the antiquities, they can also be transferred .
they can also be given to others within india .
but they should not be taken abroad .
registering the artifacts with us gives us safety .
it is a matter of pride for us .
so far more than 50,000 antiquities and artifacts have been registered .
and they are continuously being registered .
in this, items including musical instruments, wooden sculptures, toys and stone sculptures more than 100 years old can also be registered, said gayathri .
earlier, this camp was inaugurated by the head of the manuscript department of tanjore tamil university, b jayakumar .
photos of registered ancient archaeological items were displayed in this camp .
they were witnessed by public .
people are being cheated by cheats and liars, the founder of pattali makkal katchi, ramadoss has informed .
he said this while speaking at a public meeting at ranipettai in vellore district .
pmk founder ramadoss was congratulated last night for continuously criticising the government for splitting vellore district into three .
ramadoss participated in that event and delivered a sarcastic speech .
only the pmk has first voiced the problems of the people of vellore district and neither the dmk nor other parties has conducted agitations to the level of the pmk, he said .
he also informed that the dmk is concerned only about capturing the votes of people and about capturing power, not about people .
he further added that people have failed to remember the agitations conducted by the pmk for the problems of the people of vellore instead, they voted for the opposition, believing their lies .
questioning why you people are forgetting the pmk, which is waiting to work for the people, and being cheated by liars, assured the people, will surely get good returns if they follow the pmk .
he further added that he struggles for this tamil community, holding a stick, even if he is unable to walk in his old age, and informed that they don’t have their roots in kodambakkam but they are the agricultural community .
various events are being implemented throughout the district for the national development programme that is a part of the event let's unite for the country that is being implemented today 26th for the fourth day in pathulai district .
various eventrelated programmes in connection with drug eradication, village power, and encouraging women involved in small business ventures took place in pathulai district secretariat that were jointly organised by the pathulai divisional secretary office and district secretariat .
the event of detailing teachers of government schools under drug eradication programme was headed by the psychological advisor of the president's drug eradication division and navy lieutenant anuradha jayasinghe .
during this event he pointed out that the country is facing problems from drug abuse on a massive scale, so teachers have a great responsibility in rescuing the youth community which is supposed to contribute to the country, and that three percent of women are spoilt by drugs .
the president's secretariat undertook the event of detailing those belonging to village power agency in village officer sections within the pathulai divisional secretariat .
apart from commencing in village officer sections in ilukthenne, hinnarangkoda in pathulai district under village power programme, today this programme has been successfully implemented in 9 village officers sections .
under this, farmers have been given chicks and agricultural implements, and steps have been taken to start a centre to sell farm products .
with an aim to encourage and improve the efficiency and thinking of women entrepreneurs carrying out small business ventures, a training session arranged by pathulai divisional secretariat was also held with contributions from the ministry of social promotion of primary handicraft, women and childr affairs, and ministry of drought zone development .
the aim of this is to provide knowledge about how to overcome problems and obstacles and how to be successful while undertaking business activities .
as a part the national development programme let's unite for the country, such programmes are conducted throughout pathulai district .
the programme includes activities such as providing primary knowledge regarding business ventures, like starting a business, methods to establish contacts with management and financial institutions while conducting business and also providing them the necessary support for conducting business successfully .
women members from women associations conducting small business ventures took part in this event in large numbers .
boris johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman jennifer arcuri .
the independent office for police conduct will now assess whether the prime minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of london .
the greater london authority gla said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a conduct matter against the prime minister over allegations ms arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him .
a conduct matter exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed, it said .
it does not mean that this is proved in any way .
the iopc will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated .
the issue has been referred to the iopc, which deals with complaints against police forces in england and wales .
it was referred to the watchdog because mr johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner .
mr johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with ms arcuri .
earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the london assembly to provide details of his links with ms arcuri, although he insisted they were barking up the wrong tree .
it follows a report by the sunday times that ms arcuri, an american who moved to london seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by mr johnson while he was mayor .
the government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to ms arcuri's company, hacker house, pending a review .
it is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money .
digital minister matt warman told the commons that his department had done the usual due diligence and that the company had a british phone number .
however, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in california, where ms arcuri, 34, is said to now be based .
pm's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff' .
the move by the gla to refer the prime minister to the independent office for police conduct has met with anger from no 10 .
a senior government source said it was a politically motivated attack and that the timing on the eve of the conservative party conference was overtly political .
no evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the pm given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a friday night, the source said .
the public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political putup job .
earlier today, the standard was told mr johnson's close friendship with the californian entrepreneur helped by london's tourism and promotions agency was an open secret among its staff .
former officials at the agency, london partners lp, recalled how ms arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by mr johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as not credible by some at the time .
third man charged with drug counts in mac miller's death .
los angeles ap a third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper mac miller's overdose death last year .
court documents show stephen walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that miller possessed before he died last september of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the us .
walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, cameron pettit, sold to miller .
court documents unsealed tuesday say pettit kept getting drugs from walter through august .
ryan reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in lake havasu city, arizona, is accused of serving as walter's runner who delivered the pills to pettit .
none of the men have been directly charged with miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases .
walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release .
prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported thursday by celebrity website tmz, are asking that walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk .
a phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned .
pettit was charged in federal court on sept 4, and his attorney has declined to comment .
miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hiphop .
the pittsburgh native whose real name was malcolm james myers mccormick was also in a twoyear relationship with singer ariana grande that ended earlier in 2018 .
after his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her instagram page and released a song, thank u next, that lovingly mentioned him .
miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse .
matthew roberts, guitarist for the band 3 doors down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system .
this story has been corrected to show that walter's first name is spelled stephen, not steven .
the chief minister of uttarakhand has informed that those affected by dengue can take 650 grams of paracetamol and you don’t have to take it seriously .
this irresponsible speech of the chief minister has caused a stir in the state .
more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue and are undergoing treatment in uttarakhand so far .
opposition parties including congress are accusing the government of not taking necessary precautionary measures .
in this context, the chief minister of uttarakhand has said that the impact of dengue has been low due to the precautionary measures taken by the government and visited those undergoing treatment in the hospital and enquired about their health .
not stopping with the enquiry about their health, the suggestion given by him has caused stir .
he has told that instead of 500 g of paracetamol, if you take 650 g of paracetamol and rest the dengue will just fly away .
his speech comes at a time when the health officials are advising against self medication for dengue and opt for proper treatment .
the same chief minister has said a few months ago that if you breathe the gas let out by cows, your breathing problem will be cured .
9 year old nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games .
the 9yearold is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called scratch 2 .
scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline .
so far, basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games .
today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide .
the player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place .
i learned how to build games at a boot camp .
now, i build to keep me busy when i am bored, basil told cnn .
in march, his father signed him up for a fiveday boot camp for children aged 5 to 15 .
the camp, organized by codefest international, was put in place to give children like basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality .
growing up, basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, basil okpara sr .
i bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because i saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with .
he played candy crush and temple run a lot, the father told cnn .
but basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing .
there was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that i got upset with him, his father said .
out of annoyance, i said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?' .
i was angry when i said it, and i did not know he took it seriously, he added .
since then, basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games .
basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about .
one of his games, 'mosquito mash' is available on google play store .
africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent .
two nigerian 12yearolds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores .
in may, team acrobot, a ghanaian allgirls high school team won the 2019 robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes .
and with africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like google and microsoft, basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars .
former north carolina gop chair to plead guilty for lying in bribery probe .
a former north carolina gop chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed friday .
the federal court docket shows that robin hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next wednesday .
a factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by hayes' attorney said that hayes knew he was making false statements to fbi agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018 .
the actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to .
he was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements .
prosecutors have accused hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment .
the executive, greg lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state insurance commissioner mike causey .
lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than 5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016 .
he favored republican causes and politicians, but also gave to democrats .
his attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment friday .
a defense attorney for hayes, kearns davis, didn't respond to an email friday seeking further comment .
the court documents filed friday state that hayes lied to fbi agents in august 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with causey about staff at the state department of insurance .
but hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document .
prosecutors have said that hayes also helped lindberg request a meeting with causey and that hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator .
an indictment unsealed in april alleges that lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to 2 million for causey's 2020 reelection campaign .
the scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a lindberg company, according to the indictment .
causey, a republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case .
he faces no charges .
the indictment states that an associate of lindberg's directed hayes to transfer 250,000 to causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included lindberg and causey .
hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment .
whatever you all want to do, we'll do, hayes said, according to the indictment .
alright, i'll get er done .
a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement .
facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing .
some facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a worldfirst trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing .
instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on instagram which started in july in australia .
the new facebook trial, which begins on friday, will also kick off in australia .
facebook australia's director of policy mia garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison .
we've had really positive feedback from a lot of the antibullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with, garlick said .
it really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions .
it's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said .
garlick assured businesses who rely on facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed .
she said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like instagram's trial has in australia, canada, brazil, new zealand, japan, italy and ireland .
as with instagram, which is owned by facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent .
we have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience on instagram, but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage, she said .
on being the world's training ground garlick said australia has very active techsavvy users of facebook and instagram .
we think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not .
every man is grateful to his parents for raising him .
the sacrifice of parents in raising their children cannot be measured .
as per the shastras, just as helping them during their lifetime is needed, they should continue to be grateful even after their death .
for this they have created rites for their dead ancestors .
these are called many names, such as tharpanam, ancestral duties and ancestral rites .
since this needs to be done with due diligence carefully without forgetting with sense of gratitude on the ritual date of the month in which they were dead, this is also called chirartham .
this is mentioned in thiruvalluvar's thirukkural as by dutiful house holders aid, god, manes, kin, self and guests are served .
the kin mentioned here refers to dead ancestors .
since the world of the ancestors is in the south, their world is referred to as the southern world .
though there are many days earmarked for offering rituals, it essential to offer rituals at least on the new moon day every month .
a few people offer their rituals only in the tamil months of thai and aadi .
in case you have not offered anything to the dead ancestors so far, it is very auspicious to start it on mahalaya new moon day .
it is believed that all our ancestors visit our earth together then .
sesame, water, replicas of our body, rice, bananas and meals are used for offerings .
the shastras say that these will be eaten by the angels and they will hand them over to our ancestors .
it is believed that the ancestors who visit the earth to see their children return back to their world on that day .
having a bath on the banks of theerthas on that, and sending them off by worshipping them will keep the family wealthy and will help the offsprings to survive for generations .
who is nancy pelosi, the person to set the deadline for american president trump? .
this is the second time that nancy pelosi has been selected as speaker of the united states house of representatives .
she holds many honours, including being the only member to be sworn in as speaker for a second term and the only female member to hold the highest position in the american constitution .
nancy pelosi is an unknown face to a world which is only familiar with the first ladies of the white house, such as eleanor roosevelt, hillary clinton, michelle obama and melania trump .
pelosi opposed america's policy in iraq .
she was the pioneer in guiding the health care scheme of former president barack obama .
between united nations meetings, indian prime minister narendra modi met iranian president hassan rouhani and had discussions .
this meeting gains importance in the wake of iran's conflict with america .
through this meeting, a clear message has been sent that india will not make any compromise in its independent external policy under the pressure of other countries including america .
the prime minister's office had tweeted regarding the meeting between the two leaders .
the spokesperson for the external affairs ministry raveesh kumar informed that the two leaders discussed mutual cooperation and regional conditions .
prime minister modi had gone on a trip to the iranian capital tehran during may 2016 with a view of strengthening the relationship with iran and extending india's ties with western asia .
during that trip, india and iran signed almost a dozen agreements, among which the development of chabahar port is an important agreement .
then india, iran and afghanistan signed a tripartite agreement for the transportation of goods through the port .
rouhani visited india in february 2018 .
he became the first iranian president to visit india in a decade .
during his visit several agreements were made between the two countries .
in the last few days, prime minister modi and american president donald trump had met twice .
the tension between america and iran has been on the rise since the america's sanctions on iran .
america has imposed sanctions on iran regarding its nuclear programme .
due to the america's sanctions, india has also stopped importing petroleum products from iran .
iran is the third biggest supplier of oil after iraq and saudi arabia .
though india has compromised on that issue, india had not made a compromise in meeting with the iranian president .
sri lanka airlines gives concessions to armed forces .
the united national airline sri lanka airlines has made arrangements for armed forces going on foreign trips to carry items weighing five kilograms free of cost as per the request of military commander lieutenant general savendra silva, while he was the chief of staff .
the regional manager of sri lanka airlines mr jayantha abesinghe, regional manager for sri lanka and india mr deepal ballegangoda, mand state travel manager and business executive mr saamara heitiarachi met the ilitary commander lieutenant general savendra silva at the military headquarters yesterday morning 26th .
during this meeting the airlines officials discussed matters about the concessions with the military commander .
this concession will be given to the military personnel while travelling during private holidays, trainings, conferences and workshops .
lieutenant general savendra silva made this request to sri lanka airlines in august 2019 considering the military soldiers need to carry essential parts and needs with them, apart from the free 30 kg of personal items they are allowed to carry, while they travel to foreign countries for training studies .
accordingly sri lanka airlines has made arrangements to allow all armed forces going to thailand, malaysia, singapore, china, india, pakistan and other south asian countries to carry 5 kg of free items from july 30 2019 .
during this meeting, the military commander expressed his heartfelt thanks for the cooperation of sri lanka airlines .
later the concession agreement documents were handed over to the military commander by the officials of the airlines .
why can't we provide a separate reservation for government schools in government medical colleges, madras high court has asked the government of tamil nadu .
since 207 seats allotted for nonresident indians in private medical colleges in tamil nadu are vacant, they were handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran has filed a case in high court of madras seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer vp raman who appeared on behalf of the indian medical council said in his argument, after three phases of counselling, if there is any vacancy of the seats allotted for nonresident indians, a list will be sent in the ratio of 10 students per seat to the concerned college .
the college has to fill that list based on appropriate rules .
but it is not known it was filled based on that list .
the additional general solicitor arvinth pandiyan in his argument said that only the list regarding the vacant seats will be sent to the concerned college .
the vacant seats have to be filled only based on merit .
but how the colleges fill them is not clear .
the supreme court also has not passed any orders regarding this .
so this court should issue appropriate orders regarding filling seats allotted for nonresident indians .
the lawyer velmurugan who appeared on behalf of the petitioner said that all the 207 seats that were vacant were sold to students with low marks for high rates .
the justices who intervened at that time said why do people select private schools when it comes to schooling but select government colleges when it comes to medical courses? why can't there be a special reservation for government school students in medical colleges? is it enough to send the vacancy list alone? don’t you need to check how they are filled? .
government doctors here receive a lower salary than teachers, even less than my assistant .
we consider this as an injustice rendered to the doctors .
we order to include the 10 private colleges in tamil nadu as defendants in this case .
they ordered these colleges to submit details regarding the list of students admitted in the seats allotted for nonresident indians and the marks scored by them before 15th october .
brother jailed for life for pakistan social media star qandeel baloch's honour killing .
qandeel baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in july 2016 .
the brother of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch was on friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highestprofile honour killing .
baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies tame by western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic pakistan was strangled in july 2016 .
her brother muhammad waseem was arrested .
days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that of course he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been intolerable .
his lawyer, sardar mehmood, told afp the court in the eastern city of multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a longawaited verdict .
inshallah god willing, he will be acquitted by a high court, he said .
earlier, baloch's mother anwar mai told afp she had hoped her son would be acquitted .
he is innocent .
she was my daughter and he is my son, she said .
baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of socalled honour killings, in which a victim usually a woman is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes .
women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or in baloch's case bringing shame on their family by celebrating their sexuality .
the killings are usually carried out by a close relative .
under pakistan's qisas blood money and diyat retribution law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives .
three months after baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings .
however, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned .
in baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution .
but, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven .
international revulsion at the killing had seen the pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead .
some of baloch's betterknown actions included offering to perform a striptease for the pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on valentine's day .
she attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a kim kardashianlike figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment .
the roots of honour killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across south asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too .
we have gradually lost underground water .
only now have we started realising the importance of palm trees .
so a palm seed festival is now becoming popular throughout tamil nadu among social activists and young people .
an organisation named prabakaran revolutionary seed movement in annavasal, pudukkottai has been working actively since 2015 .
many youths in the pudukkottai, trichy, salem, and thanjavur districts in tamil nadu are members of this organisation .
all of them are graduates serving in various jobs .
however, kindled by their concern for the motherland, these youths are actively involved in various activities such as tree planting, conserving water bodies, and preserving and restoring old historical sites .
during cyclone gaja relief works, they went in search of palm seeds, collecting and planting them in various parts of tamil nadu and donating them to the poor .
the youths coordinating the prabakaran revolutionary seeds movement are familiar to me .
mr edison, one of the organisers, spoke to me about their activities .
a west bengal elephant dies miserably! .
animal welfare activists who spoke about this said “this track was converted into a broadgauge track in 2004 .
since then more trains are operating on this track .
since the number of trains has increased, the number of elephant deaths has also increased .
this area has been an elephant corridor .
we brought to the attention of railway officials that operating trains at high speed causes the death of elephants caught in accidents .
after that, it was ordered to operate trains slowly in this area .
so the number of accidents also came down .
now trains are operating at high speeds again in this area .
we are requesting the construction of railways elsewhere .
the railway authorities of north east railway who spoke about this said “the train route passes through forest .
it has been ordered to operate trains slowly while crossing this area .
the order to operate slowly throughout 24 hours is in force .
studies are being undertaken in the forest area .
discussions are also in place to reduce the speed of the trains” .
a committee comprising 3 members has also been formed to investigate trains operating in that area .
the accident spot is in 45 angle .
the train driver sustained injuries and he is under treatment .
maternity assistance to be given to pregnant ladies in tamil nadu has been stopped and has not been given for the past year, say social activists .
the dr muthulakshmi reddy maternity benefit scheme was started by the department of health on behalf of health and family welfare for the benefit of poor pregnant women .
after registering their names within 12 weeks of becoming pregnant, in the maternity benefit scheme, after providing details including aadhar card and bank account number to the village and city nurses and receiving a picme number, rs 4,000 is credited in the bank account .
subsequently, before the end of the 4th month rs 4000 is provided as the 2nd instalment .
rs 4000 is given as the 3rd instalment after delivering the child in a government hospital, at end of pregnancy and during vaccination the 4th instalment of rs 4000 and rs 2000 at the end of 9 months for the child totalling rs 18000 is given as financial aid .
similarly in order to improve the physical ability of the women during pregnancy, a nutrition kit consisting of iron tonic, dry dates, protein biscuits, ghee, albendazole tablets and khadi towels is provided .
this scheme was implemented to enable pregnant ladies to deliver healthy children and take care of them properly .
this scheme was very effective for middle class and poor pregnant ladies .
for more than one year, the maternity assistance given to pregnant ladies has not been provided properly and has been stopped .
when speaking about this social activists say “the financial assistance of rs 18 thousand that has been given by the public health and family welfare department has not been given for over 13 months .
this affects the maternal and child healthcare during pregnancy .
this has created a situation of taking loans to maintain the child .
with only the nutrition kit given, the allowance has not been credited in the bank account so far .
on enquiring the officials of health department about this they said that the central government has not granted the amount for the first instalment .
after the central government pays rs 2 thousand as the first instalment, the remaining assistance of rs 16 thousand will be credited step by step .
but whether the tamil nadu government has properly registered the applications of the pregnant ladies who have applied for maternity assistance itself is a question mark, they informed .
hence, the government should take immediate steps to give the pregnancy assistance which has been pending for more than one year .
sathyapratha sahu holds discussions with district election officers .
yesterday chief election commissioner sathyapratha sahu held discussions through video conferencing with the officers in charge of conducting elections in vikravandi and nanguneri assembly constituencies where the byelections are scheduled .
this discussion took place in the video conferencing arena of the tamil nadu election commission in the secretariat .
in the vikravandi constituency, district election officer and collector mr l subramanian and other election officials took part in the discussion .
the officials conducting elections in nanguneri constituency participated on its behalf .
during this discussion with the officials conducting elections, the chief election commissioner enquired about various aspects including the number of electronic voting machines in stock, sensitive booths, the need for the central police force, additional police security, and vehicle checks .
higher officials including additional chief election commissioner rajaraman and joint chief election commissioner jacob attended this meeting .
this discussion about byelections was followed by a discussion with all district collectors and the chennai municipal commissioner regarding the voter list verification process .
during the discussion sahu informed that so far 934 lakh voters have uploaded their details through the website .
he urged the collectors to involve women's selfhelp groups in the voter list verification process and to advertise this scheme, making more voters involved in this process .
later the chief election commissioner of tamil nadu spoke to the news reporters yesterday .
during the interview, he said .
we are releasing the details regarding the candidates filing their nominations for contesting in the vikravandi and nanguneri byelections on the election commission's website .
we are removing the advertisements that violate the code of conduct for elections .
so far 215 posters wall posters have been removed .
8 cases were filed in connection with this .
so far we have not seized any objects or money for travelling without documents .
the madras high court has passed a few orders regarding banners and posters .
it already has its own rules, laws and court orders .
the district election officials will enforce them strictly .
general observers will come only after the filing of nominations is over .
in vikravandi constituency alone we have formed 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer committee and are at work .
outside vikravandi constituency, there are 30 flying squads, 30 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout villupuram district .
in nanguneri constituency alone 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committee, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer committee are at work .
outside nanguneri constituency, there are 27 flying squads, 27 monitoring committees, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout tirunelveli district .
due to rain in the sathuragiri hills, pilgrims were denied permission to trek for 30 minutes .
for the past few days, pilgrims were allowed to trek to the sathuragiri sundaramahalingam temple for the mahalaya new moon day .
with pilgrims trekking on the hills yesterday morning at 600 am after the forest department check, at around 1130 am clouds gathered and there was a possibility of raini .
so the pilgrims, who were worshipping, came down immediately .
as it started raining at 200 pm, the pilgrims were temporarily stopped from trekking to the hill .
due to the rain which lasted for about 30 minutes, there was less water flow along the hill's waterways .
with the pilgrims being allowed to trek again after the rain stopped, around 800 pilgrims returned back after worshipping .
with the number of pilgrims increasing as it is mahalaya new moon day today, the forest department has announced that the pilgrims will be stopped in case of rain and will be allowed again after the rain stops .
the president of sri lankan private bus association kemunu vijeratne has informed that based on the needs of passengers, important streets were identified and accordingly buses are pressed into service .
he also said that 3,200 buses have been pressed into service for the convenience of passengers .
the sri lankan transport board has announced that the buses have been pressed into service considering the transport needs of the people going to native places during the weekend .
the sri lankan transport board has further announced that sufficient numbers of buses have been pressed into service considering the convenience of the passengers travelling to their native places today .
these measures were taken jointly by the traffic commission, the private bus owners association and the sri lankan transport board .
the secretary of transport and civil flight services ministry lb jayampathi has informed that travelling in buses belonging to sri lankan transport board using railway season tickets is allowed from yesterday onwards .
while speaking about this, the president of the traffic commission janakamalli marachi informed that permission has been granted to carry on local bus services irrespective of the time schedule .
in the meantime, the railway department has informed that it was able to add 12 trains to the service up to today afternoon, in spite of the strike by railway employees .
lawlessness double displaced from nw nigeria to 40,000 unhcr .
worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the united nations said on friday .
the un's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a new humanitarian emergency that would require a fresh interagency fundraising effort of 355 million by the end of the year .
unhcr spokesman babar baloch said boko haram, the islamist group that has waged a decadelong insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks .
rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in sokoto, zamfara and katsina states in nigeria was the work of organized armed groups .
it paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity, he told journalists on friday .
he said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property .
military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region .
but the military is stretched from fights against boko haram and islamic state's west africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016 .
the refugees are not coming with names of groups, he said .
what they are coming with are horrific accounts .
those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring niger .
in a statement, the unhcr said it expected more to flee to niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in sokoto state, deteriorates .
new trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids .
a new trial date has been scheduled for a guatemala man accused of killing an iowa woman and her two children .
polk county district court records say 31yearold marvin escobarorellana is charged with three counts of firstdegree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police marvin esquivellopez .
he's pleaded not guilty .
police say he fatally shot 29yearold rossibeth floresrodriguez, her 11yearold daughter and 5yearold son on july 16 in a des moines home .
court records show the new trial date of jan 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare .
us immigration and customs enforcement officials have said escobarorellana is in the united states illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting .
he was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the us .
boris johnson faces cabinet revolt to lower brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with brussels the sun .
with just three weeks to go until a showdown eu leaders' summit, fears are growing around the pm's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions .
boris johnson is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu .
negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the irish backstop, with brussels branding mr johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as unworkable .
senior ministers expect eu power brokers led by germany's angela merkel to offer the embattled tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop .
the sun has spoken to three different cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the tories annual conference in manchester next week .
they will demand he abandons the aggressive strategy devised by senior aide dominic cummings to try to bluff the eu with the threat of no deal, and insist he accepts the eu's last minute offer .
one cabinet minister dubbed the crushing supreme court verdict to end parliament's suspension on tuesday as a wakeup call, adding a deal is the only way we can leave on october 31 now .
we're never going to beat the numbers in the commons, and they are against us .
the pm has to lean in now and take what he can get .
being aggressive doesn't work, the cummings plan has clearly failed .
we just can't fight battles on so many fronts .
a second cabinet minister has vowed to tell mr johnson to try to push through expm theresa may's deal if all else fails .
that senior minister added i will tell boris to put theresa's deal back to the commons if i have to .
the numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this .
it's all over for boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend .
sir john major accused boris of not taking the negotiation seriously .
in a withering speech, the former tory premier said the prime minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with europe .
but we don't see him sitting down in brussels, hammering out an agreement .
instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in scotland inspecting eggs in wales and arguing with the public in high streets for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing .
the pm's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying no one should be under any illusion there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal .
but the spokesman also said the benn act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was actively undermining our negotiating position in brussels .
he said there is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the prime minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation .
brexit secretary stephen barclay goes back to brussels today for more talks with the eu's michel barnier .
they will discuss a paper on how an allireland zone on food and livestock would work .
ministers rb udhayakumar and benjamin conducted a review meeting for officials from all departments regarding flood prevention precautionary measures in view of the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
this review meeting was held in the meeting hall in the kanchipuram district collector office .
additional chief secretary for revenue and disaster management department and revenue administration commissioner sathyagopal, additional chief secretary and disaster management department official athulya mishra, kanchipuram district superintendent santhosh k mishra, and district collector ponnaiah took part in this meeting .
the minister of the revenue department rb udhayakumar said in his speech .
in kanchipuram district 50 zonal committees have been formed in view of the northeast monsoon .
to monitor the functioning of these committees 19 subcollectors, 33 technical officers and, to coordinate the above teams, supervising officials at the rank of district revenue officer have been appointed .
in kanchipuram district 515 areas have been identified as being prone to flood damage, based on the areas affected during the 201518 heavy rains .
among them, 149 are classified as the most affected areas, 166 as moderately affected areas and 116 as least affected areas .
for the people living in these areas, 3666 persons including 1153 women are appointed as primary care takers .
these primary care takers are provided enough training and advice regarding the measures to be taken during monsoon season .
also details about 374 snake charmers, 132 swimmers and 166 red cross volunteers have been collected .
the details of 108 primary care takers have also been collected to protect the animals in the affected areas .
the people above will immediately go to the floodaffected areas and take part in rescue measures .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department .
to provide shelter to floodaffected people, 3 multi purpose care centres, 20 storm shelters, 352 temporary shelters and 90 livestock shelters are kept ready .
as a precautionary measure against the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district, through the public works department, rural development department, municipality administration and town panchayat department, adequate equipment is kept in stock to prevent flood damage in addition, sand bags numbering 1 lakh 47 thousand and 10, 1 lakh and 7300 casuarina logs, 313 jcbs, 256 water pumping motors, 29 fibre boats, 175 electric saws, 54 electric cutters and other equipment are kept ready .
upon the suggestion given by the chief minister of tamil nadu, adequate arrangements are being made to store rain water during 2019 the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
and we will prevent the flood damages completely .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department, he said .
many people including district party secretaries chitlapakkam s sridhar, kanchipuram subcollector of saravanan, kanchipuram municipal commissioner mahendran, and district mineral resources department assistant director r perumal raja participated in this programme .
not ready to carry out any scheme that harms the principles and policies of the freedom party .
the president today 29 said that the sri lanka freedom party is not ready to carry out any programme that puts the future of the party members into question, harming the principles and purpose of sri lanka freedom party, during the kurunakal district conference of the sri lanka freedom party .
the president who spoke further said that though the sri lanka freedom party has met many setbacks in history, the party has not faced decline due to the people friendly activities of the party .
the president said that it is unacceptable if anybody comments that the freedom party is weak and in the coming elections, any candidate who wants to win in the presidential elections and become the president needs the cooperation of the sri lanka freedom party, and it is the sri lanka freedom party that is in a position to determine the future president .
the president informed that as per the prevailing constituency, instead of selecting a weak president in the future, the goal of the sri lanka freedom party is to capture the parliament in 2020 by building a powerful government .
the president said that he is planning to reach that goal through a coalition government instead of competing alone, and also informed that to guide the country which was destroyed by corrupt politicians towards a new path, the goal of the new government is to build a society that is free of bribery, corruption and dominated by democracy and freedom and a country that does not bow to foreign powers .
the president who informed that the conflict within the new government is not a personal issue between him and the prime minister but a conflict between corruption and bribery, that can also be described as a conflict between fraudulent new government policy and the peoplefriendly politics of sri lanka freedom party's bandaranaike .
the president who said that he took steps to remove the prime minister from that post and to appoint mahinda rajapakse and that it is not his problem that they are unable to act on the matters under their responsibility, also informed that mahinda rajapakse acting as opposition leader today and the members of podujana peramuna sitting in parliament is based on the letter given by the secretary of the united people's freedom alliance to the speaker .
the president said that the sri lanka freedom party which is not subjected to dirty political accusation will retain the identity, dignity and adoring in the future and will serve the country and the people with dedication .
the kurunakal district conference which was conducted as a part of nationwide district conference series was held today with the grand participation of a majority of party members at hettipola general market complex today 29th .
many senior members of the party including the senior vice president of the sri lanka freedom party nimal siripala de silva, general secretary dhayasiri jeyasekara, general secretary of the united people's freedom alliance mahinda amaraveera, national coordinator dhumintha dissanayake, lasantha azhakiyavanna and upper north state governor pesala jayaratne took part in this event .
lorraine kelly i was told i'd never make it in tv with a glasgow accent .
lorraine kelly revealed that tv bosses told her she would never make it as a presenter because of her glaswegian accent .
looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, kelly, 59, recalled how she felt very nervous ahead of her first appearance on screen .
i was only 25 and very nervous, she said .
i had been working as a researcher at bbc scotland and been told by the big boss that i would never make it in tv because of my glasgow accent .
i went down to london to meet all of the tvam team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the glasgow office .
i will never forget, anne diamond and mike morris were interviewing the icon that is bette davis that morning .
i couldn't believe that i was in the same room as a living legend .
i knew this was where i wanted to be .
kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in east kilbride, scotland before becoming a scottish correspondent for tvam in 1984 .
she went on to host shows including gmtv, itv breakfast and daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme lorraine .
she will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews .
the presenter said that passion and enthusiasm and curiosity were the secret to longevity in tv, adding you have to put in the work .
you have to be honest and authentic .
do your homework and be both interested and interesting .
looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, kelly revealed that reporting on the dunblane massacre was very tough .
i had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher .
one of the mums, pam ross, whose fiveyearold daughter joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house .
it was all under the radar, i went to joanna's funeral and pam and i have been friends ever since .
she added that interviewing kate and gerry mccann shortly after their daughter madeleine went missing in 2007 was extremely hard and said that she really admired their strength and courage .
they have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online .
my heart goes out to them .
lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on monday, september 30 from 830am on itv .
some officials have taken steps to include a few trains in service amidst a strike by railway union .
2 trains were operating towards colombo fort from silabam and mahava, early this morning .
2 trains were operating till colombo fort from galle .
zimbabwe chiwenga feared trapping .
vicepresident constantino chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president robert mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military takeover in november 2017, a senior government official has claimed .
as reported by the zimbabwe independent last week, mugabe offered chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup .
however, a senior government official said on social media chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the african union au that indeed he had been toppled in a coup .
in a twitter thread which confirmed zimbabwe's 37yearruler was willing to hand over power to chiwenga and not president emmerson mnangagwa, jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the office of the president and cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue .
government officials said mugabe approached chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands .
intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official .
the official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson george charamba, central intelligence organisation then acting boss aaron nhepera and roman catholic bishop cleric fidelis mukonori .
former reserve bank of zimbabwe governor gideon gono was another strand after he was sent by mugabe on a oneman mission with the offer of the presidency to chiwenga who was the zimbabwe defence forces zdf commander .
the man, who in death more than in life has been described as an african icon, tried in vain to get the au to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other african leaders .
offer of presidency to then cdf commander defence forces chiwenga by the late mugabe was not by choice .
it was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fastpaced wearing down a part of the late's family, the official jamwanda wrote .
but there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically .
recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the au position on coups .
the late mugabe hoped the then cdf chiwenga would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order .
the hope for the late mugabe was that the au, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence .
that was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made .
officials said mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him .
they said mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a gadaffistyle lynching .
military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his blue roof residence .
and at that instant mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power, the official said .
the then cdf and commanders correctly read the calculation .
the emissary gono of that desperate message was told through a powerful metaphor that isu tiri vemakwapamakwapa we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military we are not politicians or in political competition, the senior government official said .
government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple mugabe, but to deal with criminals around him .
mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure mnangagwa back from short exile in south africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession .
apart from negotiating with the army, mugabe also sought help from the region .
the south africans, who were key to the process not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president jacob zuma was the sadc chairperson refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, south african troops would have arrived in harare in no time .
that did not work because putin and african leaders did not prefer that route, a source told the independent .
tablet pcs will be given to all students pursuing higher education in national schools for all students, education minister akila viraj kariyawasam has informed .
the minister made this announcement yesterday during a meeting with reporters at the education ministry .
it has been decided to give tablets to teachers teaching higher education in national schools .
to facilitate this scheme steps have been taken to purchase one lakh tablets .
in its second phase, higher education students and teachers in other schools will also be given tablets .
the education minister also added that this practice has been a great change after the introduction of free education in the country .
china needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says .
china needs the strong, unified leadership of the communist party or the country will crumble, the government said in a policy paper released on friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's republic .
china's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership .
china is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen .
without a unified and strong leadership force, china will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world, it said .
chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on prodemocracy protests in beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability .
strongarm president xi jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's secondbiggest economy on tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012 .
xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region .
china does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not hegemony, the policy paper said .
the chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world .
in modern times, china has been bullied by the great powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused china will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples .
china is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the united states and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as antigovernment protests in the chinese territory of hong kong .
china will never trade away its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said .
the threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems, it said, in reference to its trade disputes with washington .
china is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum .
it will never be weakened by trade wars, the paper added .
china is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world .
the united states should look rationally at china's development, as china has no intention of challenging the united states and does not want to replace the united states, it added .
the united states cannot control china, and it is even more unlikely to stop china's development .
curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the united states strong .
on the first day of dengue, there are common symptoms such as feeling cold, fever, headache and body pain .
the fever becomes severe in the following two days .
there is unbearable pain at the back of the eye and severe body pain that makes it difficult for the sufferer to get up .
as with a fracture, the sufferer is completely paralysed .
the face itself mirrors the effects of dengue .
the face is swollen .
the appearance of red spots on the body is an important symptom of dengue .
it is essential to undergo blood tests like dengue igm and dengue igg .
the blood platelet count of a healthy person should be about 3 lakhs .
if a person is affected by dengue the platelet count may decrease below 20,000 .
therefore a test to determine the blood platelet count of should also be done .
there is no exclusive treatment for dengue fever only the symptoms are treatable .
so it is better to prevent dengue .
navaratri fasting is set to start from today .
fasting for one of the hindus' important festivals, navaratri, is set to start from today .
navaratri is to be observed from the coming 7th onwards .
those who are fasting for all nine days should fast and pray and only then should they eat, and they should also not lie on beds but instead should lie on mats .
on a day if there is star hastham with prime thithi, that day is considered as very auspicious .
it is considered that lord devi gives everything to those who worship her on that day .
on the first three days, one should worship goddess parasakthi requesting bravery and courage .
for the next days, goddess mahalakshmi should be worshipped for those wanting wealth .
on the last three days, lord kalaimagal should be worshipped requesting education, knowledge and artistic knowledge .
on those days, women whose husbands are still alive will be invited home, and they will be considered as goddess parasakthi and will be made to sit near the toy display and given turmeric, kumkum, coins and other offerings .
oil baths are not allowed during the navaratri period .
also stitching is not permitted .
if purattasi saturday fasting coincides on these days, bathing without oil can be taken and fasting can be continued .
oil lighting and worshipping can also be continued .
those who want to undertake navaratri fasting properly should not eat during the day during the first eight days, at night after performing pooja they can eat milk, fruits and snacks, undertake navami upavasa, and on the tenth day of vijayadasami they have to recite prayers before 830 in the morning .
those who are unable to follow this can eat once during the first eight days, and can consume milk and fruits alone on the last day .
there is no other fasting that is as simple and effective as navaratri fasting, says purana .
navaratri fasting is the one that gives everything needed by a man such as wealth, food, long lasting happiness, longevity, health, heaven and salvation .
those who don’t have children will be blessed with children .
if someone is poor in their studies, on observing this fast they will achieve excellence .
those who are unable to worship for the entire nine days can pray to goddess durga on ashtami and sleep throughout the night, goddess durga will safeguard them throughout their lives .
similarly, worshipping the things that we use regularly and books of children, after performing pooja and using them on the next day invokes special blessings .
navaratri worship is something that is carried out for praying to saraswathi, lakshmi and durga, the goddesses of education, wealth and bravery that a man needs in life .
after xi xinping was elected as the president of china for the second time, the communist government further strengthens its grip on muslims .
that is, people thinking of themselves as muslims should live in the country only under the identity of chinese .
they should identify as chinese in all aspects, starting from food habits .
muslims were given a 5year deadline for changing .
the xinping's ambassadors are meeting islamic leaders to explain the government's position and to request their cooperation .
the intention of the chinese government is that uyghur people should lose their real identity and join the national mainstream .
meanwhile, the un human rights commission made a shocking accusation against china, last tuesday .
it accused the chinese government of taking hearts, kidneys, livers and skin from people detained in camps .
china rejected this accusation and said “it is true that the body parts of convicted criminals were cut .
but we stopped that in 2015 the accusation from the un human rights commission is baseless” .
spice girls' mel c bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle .
spice girl melanie chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years .
sporty spice spent years undereating and obsessively exercising while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder .
now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, scarlet and that she doesn't ever allow people to speak about diets in our house .
scarlet's 10 years old now and i'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks, said mel .
but i think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that i'm very conscious of how i speak around her .
that positive language it's habit now .
speaking to women's health magazine, mel, who shot to fame as part of the spice girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that disgusting comments about her in the press led to her body issues .
i started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that i was underweight, she said .
i was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years .
trial of exathlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury .
jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an exuniversity of delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults .
jurors began deliberating the fate of 23yearold clay conaway on friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments .
a 21yearold woman says conaway raped her after she drove to his house in june 2018 .
the encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself .
she is among six women whom conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018 .
prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to conway forcing himself on her .
defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate .
to reduce the risks of disasters in chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram districts, studies are to be conducted with the technical assistance of the british embassy, revenue minister rb udhayakumar said .
studies will be conducted on behalf of the british embassy regarding reducing the risk of disasters in tamil nadu .
a forum for the officials of the concerned department was held in chennai yesterday .
the revenue minister rb udhyakumar participated and inaugurated the forum .
in the past, disaster management in tamil nadu has relied on relief works .
recently there has been a change in the approach to disaster management to include various elements such as evaluation of disaster risk, risk communication, disaster precaution, mitigation and immediate effective emergency relief measures .
based on this a tamil nadu disaster management vision plan has been released .
the tamil nadu government is implementing various disaster mitigation programmes to achieve the goals mentioned in this visionary scheme that is being developed according to the sendai framework .
furthermore, a government order has been released to carry on a field study to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation, under the technical cooperation entered between the indian government and the british high commission .
based on that, studies were planned to be undertaken to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation in cities with rapidly shrinking natural habitats and large coastal and urban populations such as chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram, jointly with the technical assistance of the british high commission .
if disaster risk reduction plans are devised based on this study, the number of lives lost during disasters will come down and damage to infrastructure will also be reduced .
thus the minister rb udhayakumar spoke .
prime minister modi visits chennai on the 30th .
the central security officers made an inspection as prime minister modi is scheduled to participate in the guindy iit convocation event .
the 56th convocation event of chennai iit is to be held on the coming 30th .
prime minister modi is the guest of honour at this event and he awards degrees to the students .
the prime minister arrives in a private jet from delhi and later goes to chennai iit in a helicopter .
the helipad at the chennai iit premises has been repaired for this .
intense security arrangements are being made for the prime minister's visit .
meanwhile, the personal security officers of the prime minister arrived in chennai yesterday and conducted an inspection .
they inspected the iit premises, auditorium, and the prime minister's resting hall .
the central intelligence wing warned 3 days ago that terrorists have targeted a few vips including the prime minister in the wake of the kashmir issue .
in such a sensitive situation, additional care has been taken for the prime minister's security .
the delhi officials also held discussions with the police of the tamil nadu security division regarding the security measures .
narendra modi visits chennai for the first time after being sworn in as prime minister for the second time .
so the tamil nadu bharatiya janata party cadres have planned to give him a grand reception .
but they may be banned for security reasons, it is said .
furthermore, the governor, as per the usual norms, along with the chief minister, important bjp executives and very few officials were planned to be allowed to welcome the prime minister .
after delivering his special address, prime minister modi will reach chennai airport in a helicopter and will go to delhi in a private jet .
people from the cinema industry have held discussions with minister kadambur raju in the secretariat regarding the sale of cinema tickets online .
the 2nd consultation meeting between the government, cinema producers and theatre owners regarding the sale of cinema tickets online in tamil nadu was held in the chief secretariat yesterday morning .
this meeting was presided by the tamil nadu minister for information and publicity, kadambur raju .
during his speech kadambur raju said “this project cannot be completed tomorrow .
it will be properly planned and implemented after hearing everyone's views” .
after the meeting actor sv sekar said .
this meeting was held on the subject of having a computerised ticketing facility in all theatres .
so that it will be possible to monitor the sales of all tickets through a single server .
hence, there will be transparency in the cinema industry .
the central government has passed a law mandating online ticket sales .
online ticket sales have been accepted by everyone in the industry .
using such practices, money in the cinema industry will be accounted for .
the fees and tax will obviously be visible .
and in case the government permits theatre owners to convert one theatre into four, multiple films will be released on the same premises .
while speaking to reporters, producer rajan said that the government of tamil nadu is committed to bringing this scheme in order to develop the cinema industry and for the welfare of the public .
the government is going to implement this scheme properly .
everyone should cooperate on this .
at the meeting it was insisted that the government should pass an order to convert theatres with a thousand seats to 4 theatres with 250 seats .
due to various processes including technical facilities needing to be updated, it is not possible to implement online ticket sales in tamil nadu before diwali, he said .
many including additional chief secretary niranjan mardi, chennai metropolitan development authority member karthikeyan, chief secretary of the department of housing and urban development department rajesh lakhoni, tamil nadu egovernance agency secretary santhosh mishra, chief secretary of the revenue department k balachandran, secretary for the tamil development and information department mahesan kasirajan, director of the news and public relations department p shankar, director for the department of urban development chandrasekar sakamuri, additional commissioner for land administration maheswari and tamil cinema producers and theatre owners participated in this meeting .
a lecher who sexually abused his sisterinlaw for four years at gunpoint was arrested .
a sisterinlaw should be considered as a mother .
but a lecher in gurugram near delhi has considered her a wife .
this incident took place in the bajghera area of gurugram .
this woman got married 9 years ago .
she was a mother of 2 children .
her husband's cousin's brother's house is also located near their house .
the women's husbands used to go to work in the morning and return in the evening .
the lecher made it a habit to sneak into the house in this gap .
at one stage he sexually abused the women pointing the gun he had .
he threatened to kill her husband and children if she brought up the matter .
in this situation, the women's husbands came to know about this matter .
shocked, he called the police control room and informed them .
subsequently, the police rushed to the area and arrested the lecher .
the police have filed a case under sections 376 and 506 of indian penal code .
in her statement to the police, the woman has said that because of the threat to kill her children, she did not bring up the matter .
video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted .
surrounded by the opera house, circular quay, luna park and of course the iconic harbour bridge, sydney harbour is the major contributor to the 219 billion sydney tourism pumps into australia's economy each year .
but beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth .
sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 olympicsize swimming pools of pollutants each year .
this horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest .
according to a new video, titled sydney harbour above and below, the waters around australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals all coming into the harbour from stormwater runoff .
but the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic .
i would call it a paradox, dr katherine dafforn, deputy director of the sydney harbour research program said in the video, which was released to coincide with world tourism day on september 27 .
it does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline .
the csiro estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains .
after we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour it's quite tragic, dr dafforn said .
two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater runoff .
but like an iceberg, the problem on sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean .
unless you spend time under the water, i don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there, richard nicholls, owner of dive centre manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year .
i think if more people knew what was under the water they would just be horrified .
overwhelmingly over half of everything we find is plastic bags .
the other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic .
when you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface .
jeremy brown, cofounder and managing director of the ocean protect, said there were ways people both locals and visitors alike could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways .
it has to start at the source, he said .
we have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans .
if we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean .
it absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source .
but we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple .
if we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves .
the video, which was funded by recycling company tomra as part of their broader efforts to educate australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month .
a new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the singleuse plastic waste problem .
the study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans .
many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to ecoanxiety .
archaeologists have found inscriptions of pandyas from the 13th century ad in the pond steps at kovanur near sivaganga .
the head of the ramanathapuram institute of archaeology v rajaguru and archaeologists kollangudi poet kalirasa and ramanathapuram m vimalraj undertook a field study at kovanur region in sivaganga district .
during that, 6 ancient inscriptions were found in the steps of the pond in kovanur .
after reading them all, inscription analyst vrajaguru said .
there are steps in the eastern shore of the pond at the entrance of kovanur and a feeding canal in the north .
in those steps of the pond ancient inscriptions containing a variety of information are seen as 6 pieces .
also, in another inscription a song of maravarman sundarapandiyan who ruled from ad 1216 to ad 1244 with madurai as capital, starting as “poomaruviya thirumatanthayum puvimadanthayaum” is present in 9 lines .
in this, details including the burning of tanjore and uraiyur and the demolition of the palace and hall were recorded .
these inscriptions contain details about thinaikkala nayagam, who manages the tax accounts of the government and the names of other government officials uzhakkudi muthan, veerapanjan, munayaththarayan, azhagana vaanavan, vizhayarayan and vandharayan are also inscribed .
the names of villages like mizhalai kootrathu naduvit kutru, keezh kutru, madhurothaya valanadu, keeranaur nadu, kaagnaiyirukkai and nallur, mizhalai kootrathu thachanur, pullurkkudi, madhurothaya valanattu purappatru and kaagnaiyirukkai uzhakkudi are also mentioned in these inscriptions .
symbols are used in these inscriptions to indicate the land extent of veli and iruma .
letters with long sounds are mostly not seen in the inscriptions .
a word neekki, neekki is seen as long sounding in one inscription and in another inscription is seen as short sounding as nikki, nikki .
apart from this, ancient black and red pottery tiles are found in abundance in this area .
the election for president is held in afghanistan today .
polling is held amidst heavy security .
the five year term of afghanistan's current president ashraf ghani ends this month .
so the presidential election is held today .
polling commenced in all the booths this morning .
right from the morning the public has waited in long queues and voted .
since there were violent attacks in several places during election campaign, additional security has been provided in the polling booths .
the spokesperson for the election commission said that polling has been peaceful throughout the country and it is happy to see that voters are interested in voting .
since many irregularities were reported during the elections held in 2014, it was decided to complete the elections before 20th april this year .
but the election was postponed successive times with the new voter census and the security situation cited as reasons .
presidential elections will be held in two rounds in afghanistan .
if none of the candidates wins a majority in the first round, there will be a contest between the top two candidates .
it should be noted that 18 candidates including the current president ashraf ghani independent and chief administrator abdulla abdulla afghanistan national alliance are in fray for the post of president .
ghana kaneshie traders support accra psychiatric hospital .
members of the kaneshie market association, yesterday donated food items worth gh¢ 30,000 to the accra psychiatric hospital, at a short ceremony in accra .
it forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the kaneshie markets complex .
the donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others .
the group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit .
in attendance was some management staff of the accra markets limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers .
presenting the items, madam mercy naa afrowa needjan, president of the greater accra regional market women association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility .
she noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society .
madam needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture .
receiving the items, dr pinnaman appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients .
she appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital .
thousands of devotees who gathered in rameswaram today for mahalaya new moon day offered alms to their ancestors .
the devotees, who took holy baths and offered alms in rameswaram, will offer alms to the ancestors every month on new moon day after fasting .
particularly the new moon day during the tamil months thai, aadi and purattasi are considered auspicious .
accordingly, today on the day of the mahalaya new moon, many people offered alms today to their ancestors at water bodies and at temples .
on account of mahalaya new moon day, thousands of devotees started thronging the kasi of south rameswaram, by train, bus and car right from yesterday .
today being new moon day, right from early morning, lots of devotees gathered at agni theertha in rameswaram and took a holy bath .
then they offered alms to their ancestors at the beach and worshipped .
after taking holy baths in the 22 theerthas, devotees worshipped ramanatha swami and parvathavarthini amman .
devotees waited in long queues to enter the temple .
everywhere in rameswaram there were crowds of devotees .
arrangements including drinking water facilities and bathroom facilities were made on behalf of the municipality for the devotees .
more than 500 police headed by the dsp of rameswaram mahesh took care of security .
similarly many devotees took holy baths on sethu beach near mandapam and offered alms to their ancestors .
the resignation decision of 17 ruling party mlas in karnataka has caused a storm .
the former speaker ramesh has passed an order disqualifying them .
this turmoil has caused the congress's janata dal secular rule to come to an end .
the rule ended as they failed to prove their majority, and ediyurappa of bjp became the chief minister .
rameshkumar has further ordered that the disqualified mlas cannot contest in elections during the current assembly's tenure .
opposing this order the 17 mlas went to the supreme court .
meanwhile, the election commission has released a notification that byelections will be held only for 15 constituencies in karnataka on october 15 .
former minister mr kannan has started a new party called the people's progressive movement in pondicherry .
today the former minister mr kannan has convened a meeting of his supporters at kamban auditorium in othiyan salai, pondicherry .
former minister mr kannan announced the launching of new party called makkal munnetra congress at that meeting .
this will bring about positive change in the state .
this will give the rights needed by the people .
it will strive for good governance in the state, he said .
the launching of his party coinciding with the byelections in kamarajarnagar constituency has caused a stir .
he served as the leader of puducherry youth congress, health minister in the farooq ministry and a speaker when vaithilingam served as the chief minister .
later he left congress and joined tamil maanila congress headed by moopanar .
he was also the home minister in the dmk–tmk alliance .
later he also left that and started his own party and again joined congress .
from that he joined anna dmk .
then he also left that and was in the sidelines .
now he has launched a new party .
tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer .
tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers .
medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves .
researchers found the same process happens in tasmanian devils and humans .
the discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients .
what do tasmanian devils and humans have in common? .
cancer cells that can turn invisible .
researchers, including from melbourne's peter maccallum cancer centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy .
it may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered tasmanian devil .
the study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as prc2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer .
this can be a major challenge in treating smallcell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as merkel cell .
'the huge significance from this project is that in patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead peter mac researcher mark dawson told aap .
existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as mhc, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells .
'potentially, this has farreaching implications for people with lung cancer,' prof dawson said .
'it's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe .
and we may be able to treat this in a far better way .
researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way .
'remarkably, exactly the same process happens in human and tasmanian devil cancers,' prof dawson said .
'thus far it's been very difficult to treat the tasmanian devil tumours .
but if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease' .
the building research organisation has advised the public to be cautious regarding landslide disasters .
the national building research organisation has warned the people to work cautiously regarding landslides that may be caused following severe rainfall .
this organisation has insisted the people in bulathsinhala, palallavida, maththukkama, agalawaththa, elpitiya, niyaakama, naagoda, imathuva and vaththekama regions to be cautious regarding landslides .
the organisation has advised people to be cautious about cracks on land, land caving in, unstable electric posts and trees, and also cracks on walls .
if such symptoms are seen, the national building research organisation has advised people to vacate those areas .
scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star .
scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 lightyears away from earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large jupiterlike planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf .
an artistic impression of the gas giant planet gj 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on september 26, 2019 .
stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them .
but in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on thursday .
the star, called gj 3512, is about 12 the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of jupiter, our solar system's largest planet .
yes, an absolute surprise, said astrophysicist juan carlos morales of the institute of space studies of catalonia at the institute of space sciences in spain, who led the research published in the journal science .
the discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that lowmass stars typically host small planets, similar to earth or small neptunes .
in this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to jupiter around a very small star, morales added .
the planet, which like jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the calar alto observatory in spain .
it travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days .
red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures .
gj 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35 bigger than jupiter .
they emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 degrees kelvin 6,380 degrees fahrenheit3,527 celsius approximately .
this is why they have a reddish color, morales said .
there is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the jupiterlike planet, morales said .
planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit .
under the leading model for planetary formation, called the core accretion model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas .
a competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system .
in this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold, morales said .
this makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear .
these clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet .
the order of the government of tripura banning the sacrifice of goats and hens in tripura has created a big stir .
the state government itself has declared in the court that the promise it was given during its merger with india in 1949 is being violated .
tripura which was ruled for by 184 rulers in 1355 years signed a pact with india expressing its willingness to merge with india .
the then queen of tripura, kanchan prava devi and the governor general of india signed this agreement .
the main feature of this agreement is that the financial assistance given by the government of tripura for 14 temples including the famous tripurasundari temple will continue .
sacrificing goats is a practice in the tripurasundari temple .
the government is also providing financial assistance for this .
the main condition of the merger agreement is that this should not be changed .
opposing this, one mr subash batterji filed a public litigation case in the tripura high court mentioning that sacrificing goats and hens with the financial assistance of the government hurts the feelings of the hindus .
the divisional bench magistrates sanjay karol and arindam lodh banned the sacrifice of goats and hens in places of religious worship .
the court also ordered the government not to provide financial assistance for these sacrifices .
the court has also served notice to the chief secretary of the state, all district magistrates and the police superintendents inviting their answers regarding this matter .
the court has also ordered that goats and hens could only be donated to the temples but should not be sacrificed all the temples should be monitored by installing cctv cameras .
now, the state government is to appeal in the supreme court against this ruling of the tripura high court .
the state government has informed that it will appeal in the supreme court pointing out that the tripura high court has rejected their argument that the promise made during their merger with india in 1949 should not be violated .
unemployed youth can apply for assistance .
young people who are unemployed after finishing their studies can apply for assistance, the collector of chennai district has informed .
the news release was given by the district collector sitalakshmi the tamil nadu governments assistance for unemployed young people is provided through the employment and career guidance center .
those who have completed qualifications like tenth standard fail, tenth standard pass, plus 2, diploma and degree and are waiting for more than five years without employment after registering in the employment office have to approach the district employment and professional guidance centre in santhome, chennai for financial assistance .
qualification for the applicants the applying applicants should have registered within 5 years and should be in live registers .
should be under 40 years of age, scheduled caste and scheduled tribes should be under 45 years of age .
the applicants should not be employed in private companies and should not be selfemployed .
deli worker accused of giving methlaced bean dip to coworker .
marion county sheriff's office cassandra medinahernandez, 38, is accused of giving methlaced bean dip to a coworker .
on thursday, 38yearold cassandra ani medinahernandez, of albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both class b felonies .
the charges stemmed from an incident that happened sept 9 at a thriftway grocery store in jefferson .
a 27yearold coworker of the suspect told marion county sheriff's deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw medinahernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by oregonlivecom .
the victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it, according to the affidavit .
when the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady .
she went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the albany democratherald .
police said that another thriftway employee said medinahernandez told her about placing drugs inside the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to the smoking gun .
oregonlive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows medinahernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down .
she then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish .
the item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said .
sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the oregon statesmanjournal .
medinahernandez is being held in the marion county jail in lieu of 520,000 bail .
her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to the smoking gun .
johnson hits back in prorogation row .
boris johnson's trip to the un general assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic supreme court ruling .
but his blistering commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse .
in the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are rté's europe editor in brussels, tony connelly, and london correspondent sean whelan in westminster .
candidates will win, dr anbumani ramadoss said .
the meeting of three forces convened by vanur assembly constituency pattali makkal katchi was held in a private marriage hall in pattanur, near vanur .
the party's state president gk mani presided over the meeting .
the president of the party's youth wing and mp dr anbumani ramadoss participated in the meeting and delivered the keynote speech .
during his speech he said .
anna dmk candidates will win by huge margins in the coming byelections for nanguneri and vikravandi assembly constituencies .
the government of tamil nadu should hold local body elections immediately .
this has been the demand of the people of tamil nadu .
central government should give up the hydrocarbon project in tamil nadu .
otherwise the pmk will hold protests .
also the government of tamil nadu should declare the cauvery delta region as a protected agricultural zone .
thus dr anbumani ramadoss spoke .
authorities investigating deadly crash in angeles national forest, body found cbs los angeles .
police were investigating a deadly crash in the angeles national forest thursday afternoon .
according to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the angeles forest highway and big tujunga canyon road .
initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time .
it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found .
due to low pressure prevailing at sea level in the southwest of the country, rainfall may increase moderately in eastern and central districts today .
the weather report released today morning by the meteorological department says that frequent rains or rainfall with thunder may occur in central and eastern districts and in ambanthottai and polanaruvai districts .
at a few places in these areas rainfall of more than 100 mm may be recorded .
in the other parts of the country rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in the evening or during the night .
in some places 50mm to 75 mm rainfall may be recorded .
the report has informed that there may be moderate rain in the morning in yazhpanam, mullaitivu and mannar districts .
people are advised to take necessary precautions to reduce the effects that may be caused by lightning strikes and heavy winds .
everybody's talking about jamie how to audition for the role of jamie new in the west end .
the west end's next big star could be out there right now and they don't even know it .
producers of everybody's talking about jamie are on the lookout for the next jamie new, and holding open auditions .
layton williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's uk tour, and the search is on for an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer to take over his role .
london auditions will take place on october 10 at the apollo theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song don't even know it, bringing a cv and headshot with .
there will be another audition on october 8 in sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week .
producer nica burns said thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the apollo .
we have found some fantastic young performers to join layton williams and shane richie on tour .
in the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new jamie .
williams, who started playing jamie new in february after original john mccrea, took to twitter to encourage all boys to send in their tapes .
the west end show has extended its run to august 29 2020, with the tour taking off in february .
the musical follows 16 year old jamie new, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress .
he may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star .
with the help of his mum and a local drag legend, loco chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight .
with music by dan gillespie sells and a book and lyrics by tom macrae, the show is inspired by bbc documentary, jamie drag queen at 16 .
vikram lander cannot be found, the american space research centre nasa has informed .
the indian space research organisation isro planned and launched a space craft mission chandrayaan2 to reach the southern polar region of the moon, which has not been explored by any country in the world so far .
chandrayaan2 vikram lander was expected to land slowly on the southern polar region of the moon on the 7th .
but the vikram lander lost communication when it was 21 kilometres from the landing site, which was a rude shock .
subsequently it was discovered that vikram lander made a hard landing, instead of the soft landing on four legs .
the images sent by chandrayaan2 orbiter confirmed that .
subsequently isro and the american space research organization nasa tried to restore communication with vikram lander again .
but the effort did not succeed .
with 14 days having passed, its life was over on the 20th .
meanwhile, nasa's satellite has photographed the site of vikram lander's hard landing .
however, nasa has informed that vikram lander could not be found .
the place of vikram lander cannot be seen in the images from the satellite .
nasa has said in its report that it may be hidden in the shadows .
in the best urbanisation programme held in bangalore, chennai municipality has been granted the award for giving the best service to people .
in the best urbanisation programme conducted on the past 25th jointly by the central housing and urban ministry and the smart cities council india, the sensory park constructed by the chennai municipality has been given the best award under the section for providing the best service to the public .
the host of this event, smart cities council, operates with its headquarters in washington and branches in europe, australia, new zealand and india .
this sensory park has been constructed at an estimate of 137 crores for the benefit of children with sensory processing issues, according to the world general design guidelines of chennai smart city project on 4th trust link road, teynampet zone of chennai municipality .
the special feature of this park is the sign boards that differently abled children can touch and feel .
this park has play equipment, a sensory notice board, wheelchairs for differently abled and specially abled children, an 8shaped infinite pathway with a foot healing floor, plants with fragrances, tactile sculptures and entertainment features .
this park has been very useful in capacity building, training and balancing the body condition of children with growth deficiencies .
this park has been constructed under the smart cities project fund and brought to use in december 2018, and has attracted various school children, children with growth deficiencies and the general public .
this park has various programmes for children such as awareness week for mentally disabled children and reading old stories .
on behalf of chennai municipality, deputy commissioner works m govinda rao received the award in a programme conducted on the 25th of last month in bangalore .
it should be noted that this park has been awarded the “best personality award” during the independence day event celebrated on august 15 last month .
raj cherubal chief executive officer of chennai smart city and executive engineer park pv srinivasan participated in this programme .
alfa laval wins sek 110 million natural gas order .
alfa laval a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the us the order has a value of approximately sek 110 million and is booked in the welded heat exchangers unit of the energy division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020 .
the order comprises alfa laval niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams ethane, propane and butane .
safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment .
our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry, says susanne pahlén åklundh, president of the energy division .
did you know that ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles? .
about alfa laval .
alfa laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling .
the company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes .
the solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol .
alfa laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications .
alfa laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena .
alfa laval is listed on nasdaq omx, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about sek 407 billion approx 40 billion euros .
the company has about 17 200 employees .
theni medical college's principal has informed that he is receiving threats following his complaint about impersonation in neet exams .
udit surya of chennai and his father dr venkatesan have been arrested for impersonation in neet exams and have been detained in madurai central jail .
when they were enquired by cbcid police, it was come to be known that a few more people joined in medical colleges by indulging in impersonation .
based on their information the cbcid police investigated 3 students from chennai .
during this enquiry, it was confirmed that those 3 students indulged in impersonation .
they were arrested by cbcid police .
the police were investigating them and their parents filing cases under sections of impersonation, preparing duplicate documents and conspiracy .
the police have sent notice to all neet coaching centres in tamil nadu .
the notice has asked them to send the list of students who passed the exam after studying in their centres .
also the police have sent a letter to the national testing agency in uttar pradesh to provide the list of students who applied from tamil nadu .
the medical college principal rajendran has made a complaint at kanavilakku police station seeking action against two professors velmurugan and thiruvenkadam working in theni medical college for helping student udit surya and for making changes in the attendance register .
he has also remarked in his complaint that he is receiving threats regarding the neet exam impersonation issue and requested security as he is receiving telephone threats .
royal family secrets surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the royal plane reveal .
as part of their royal duty, the royal family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime .
this is usually made easier by the royal plane a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances .
unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks .
aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the royal family can invite onboard any guests they wish including some unlikely passengers .
according to a recently premiered channel 5 documentary, the queen and prince phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the royal plane .
during the programme 'secrets of the royal flight', a former navigator of the queen's flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family .
bob shields said occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs .
it's no surprise that the queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for corgis .
from a young age queen elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned monarch .
in 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named monty, emma, linnet, willow and holly .
they were joined by five cocker spaniels bisto, oxo, flash, spick and span, and an additional four dachshundcorgi crossbreeds cider, berry vulcan and candy .
staff on board the royal plane certainly had their hands full .
the household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued shields .
i am delighted to say we never had one accident .
the programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the queen has been known to travel with while on duty .
according to the shows narrator for her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 the queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes .
to put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants .
however, the queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion .
reportedly the duchess of cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses .
former alabama congressman jack edwards dies at 91 .
retired 10term us rep jack edwards of alabama, who was in the first wave of deep south republicans, died friday .
his family said through a spokesman that edwards died at his home in fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
edwards was first elected to the us house in 1965 as part of the first wave of alabama republicans elected to congress as the party gained traction in the deep south .
he served 10 terms in congress .
in a statement released by his family, they said edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren .
my hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems, edwards said according to the family statement .
alabama gov kay ivey said edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity .
the governor said flags at the alabama capitol will be placed at halfstaff in his honor .
he was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for alabama .
our state has lost one of our finest, ivey said in a statement .
devotees donated 73 lakhs 24 thousand 501 rupees through charity boxes in ramanathaswamy temple in rameswaram .
after august 21, the temple employees opened the boxes in front of the shrines of ramanatha swamy, parvathavarthini amman and pancha moorthi and collected the donations .
then they counted the offerings in the temple marriage hall in the presence of the temple's joint commissioner kalyani .
many temple staff including the assistant divisional engineer mayilvaganan, manager murugesan, and superintendents balasubramani peshkars of kakkar annadurai, kalamanathan, kalaiselvan and kannan counted the offerings .
the devotees offered 73 lakh 24 thousand and 501 rupees in cash, 34 grams of gold and 1 kilo 495 grams of silver .
these offerings were deposited in the government bank on the order of the joint commissioner .
michelle obama calls meghan markle 'an inspiration' in adoring instagram .
michelle obama gave high praise to meghan markle in a sweet instagram on thursday, calling the duchess of sussex a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it .
the duchess and prince harry, now on a 10day royal tour of south africa with their baby son archie harrison mountbattenwindsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met obama foundation leaders .
thank you to my friend, her royal highness the duchess of sussex sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it, the former first lady wrote in her glowing post .
whether meeting with our obamafoundation leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many, obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling meghan posing with foundation leaders .
meghan interviewed obama for the september issue of british vogue, which the former suits actress guestedited .
in their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her .
being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go, obama said in the interview .
motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be .
not who i want them to be or who i wish i was at that age, but who they are, deep inside .
obama, who knows firsthand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with good housekeeping .
the pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot, she said .
so my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything .
i spent the first few months in the white house mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before i launched into any more ambitious work .
i think it's okay it's good, even to do that .
the 141st birth anniversary of thanthai periyar was celebrated on 1792019 from 6 pm to 8 pm at hunton in the state of virginia in america .
a photo of periyar was garlanded and it was held as a discussion on the topic “feminism respected by periyar” .
party general secretary doctor durai .
chandrasekaran presided and coordinated the event .
many thoughts were shared on the topic of women's rights .
we can see the women's rights that periyar wanted to see prevailing here .
even here the same situation of women being unable to become president prevails .
periyar is the leader who needs to be praised universally .
not the half in indian parliament .
what does the refusal to one third reservation to women show? .
thoughts about women's rights, education, employment opportunities, and periyar's contribution in caste abolition were proudly remembered .
engineer punniyaraj, mary, aruna, preethi, rasheetha, sophia, joel, kalaiselvi, ezhilvadivan and arivuponni shared their thoughts .
it was special that this programme gave the chance to remember periyar with gratitude, even though all are countries and continents apart, accepting periyar universally .
ruby manoharan has been announced as the dmkcongress alliance candidate for the nanguneri constituency for elections to be held in tamil nadu .
meanwhile, today the member for kanyakumari parliamentary constituency hvasanthakumar flew to tuticorin to commence his campaigning in nanguneri assembly constituency areas .
subsequently he met the reporters at the airport and said “many dmkcongress workers expressed their willingness to contest the nanguneri constituency .
a few had even said they would contest as independent candidates .
they would have said that out of interest .
however noone would contest as an independent candidate .
everyone will work together .
the central government cannot implement any kind of scheme under the sagarmala project in kanyakumari district .
environment and natural resources in a very small district like kanyakumari have to be protected .
so the construction of a new harbour in the sea in kanyakumari is not practically possible” .
trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint .
washington ap the washington alcoholic beverage control board has dismissed a request to review whether the local trump international hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character .
the agency ruled wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the district .
the washington post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a district law that says license applicants must be of good character .
the initial complaint filed last summer says president donald trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception .
it was killed because the license had already been granted .
the second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal .
as the 207 seats reserved in private medical colleges in tamil nadu for nonresident indians remain vacant, they are handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran filed a case in the madras high court seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came again for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer representing the medical council of india said “after three phases of counseling, if there are any vacancies, a list will be sent at the ratio of 10 students per seat .
but it is not clear if the seats were filled as per that list” .
furthermore, the tamil nadu government requested “the hon'ble court to pass suitable orders regarding filling of seats reserved for nonresident indians” .
the lawyer representing the petitioner alleges that “all the 207 seats were sold for a high amount to those who scored low marks” .
scandalhit cleveland police force branded the worst in britain in damning report the sun .
a scandalhit police force has been branded britain's worst by inspectors .
cleveland police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley says cleveland police force has seen 'significant deterioration' .
the force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded .
the report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley said there has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection .
chief constable mike veale quit in january after less than a year while facing an investigation into serious but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour .
assistant chief constable adrian roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct .
last year det insp simon hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex .
he quit the force .
tees valley's tory mayor ben houchen said this is official validation that the force is broken .
it's now time for the home office to intervene .
chief constable richard lewis said improvements have been made and i take full responsibility for driving through change .
nancy pelosi william barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course .
you never know where we're going next .
now, i think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate, pelosi said in an interview with cnn on capitol hill .
they will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts, she said .
a white house transcript released this week showed that trump asked ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate former vice president joe biden, a 2020 candidate, and biden's son .
trump also asked zelensky to work with barr and his personal lawyer, rudy giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed .
trump has denied he did anything improper .
cnn reported on thursday that justice department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding trump's conduct involving ukraine more than a week before the formal referral .
after receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the doj determined that trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation .
asked if barr should testify, pelosi said friday the intelligence committee will decide who to call as witnesses .
but she added that she believes barr has gone rogue .
he has for a long time now .
since barr was mentioned in all of this, pelosi said, referring to trump's mention of his attorney general on the july call with ukraine's leader .
it's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled .
pelosi said she's very worried about the whistleblower's sources, whom trump attacked on thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently .
i think what the president said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous .
our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding revealing wrongdoing in our government, pelosi said, adding, for the president to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government .
on tuesday, pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain .
the phone call was included in a complaint publicly released thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged trump abused his powers to solicit interference from ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election .
the whistleblower also alleged that white house lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for cabinetlevel officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information .
christian benteke crystal palace striker faces driving ban for speeding .
premier league star christian benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months .
the crystal palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the a3 in richmond, south west london, on january 20 .
the belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in putney, south west london, in march .
benteke, of kingston hill, surrey, is not required to be present at lavender hill magistrates' court this morning .
he pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of july under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone .
ghana kofi manu concerned over structure of vetting committee .
mr kofi manu, a football administrator and an official of sekondi hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the vetting committee for the upcoming ghana football association gfa elections .
he questioned the inclusion of the committee's chairman, mr frank davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion .
mr manu in an interview with the gna sport said, he had doubts the chairman of the committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process .
the vetting committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before .
for instance, mr davies was contracted by the nc as a lawyer to write to osei kwaku palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment .
he is also a known olympics supporter .
for these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest, he argued .
mr manu said there would be conflict of interest on the chairman's part if mr fred pappoe, a director of olympics appear before the committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards mr palmer if he appeared before the committee .
members of the committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on october 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the gfa secretariat in accra on thursday september 19 .
the chairman of the committee is mr frank davies with corporate governance consultant and legal practitioner, mrs marian barnor and mr emmanuel darkwah as members .
other members are mr reginald laryea, marketing and business executive and mr richard akpokavie, a sports administrator and legal practitioner .
with roopa gurunath selected as the president of the tamil nadu cricket association, it was said that the son of a former dmk minister had also tried for that post .
as per the recommendations made by the lodha committee, several reforms were being made in the indian cricket board and in state cricket associations .
the lodha committee recommends that a person cannot hold a post more than twice continuously and those above 70 years can also hold posts .
accordingly the incumbents in the tamil nadu cricket association were unable to continue .
and new people had to be selected .
there were reports that the son of former dmk minister ashok sigamani made moves to capture the post of tamil nadu cricket association president but that effort was stalled by seenivasan of india cements .
so ashok sigamani opted for the post of vice president, with no other option .
he runs a childcare hospital in kk nagar, chennai and is the younger son of ponmudi .
ashok sigamani has been an avid cricket fan since his school days .
at one stage he even tried to enter into the indian cricket team .
it is said that it is due to the efforts of india cements' seenivasan, the president and members of tamil nadu cricket association were selected without elections .
it was said that ponmudi's son ashok sigamani would have given seenivasan's daughter roopa a tough fight, in case elections were held .
he was silent only upon the peace pact from seenivasan's side letting ashok sigamani hold the post of vice president of the tamil nadu cricket association .
a case has been filed to hand over the tamil inscription images from the mysore inscription department to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
27 the madurai bench of the madras high court passed an order directing the central archaeology department to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols taken from inscriptions in tamil nadu .
the petition filed by manimaran of madurai the inscription department in mysore is controlled by the central archaeology department .
ancient inscriptions and historical documents in india are being preserved there .
the image documents including the tamil inscriptions here serve as a source to scientifically confirm the history of the tamils .
further, the tamil inscriptions have been copied through ink copy and documented there .
in this context, when the office of the department of inscription of mysore was shifted from the old building to the new building, the inscription images of most of the ancient tamil inscriptions were damaged .
the inscriptions there should have been properly maintained, published as books and should have been documented electronically .
but the documents related to tamil nadu that were kept in mysore were not properly protected .
hence, a situation arises where the future generations will not be able to know about the history and traditions of the tamils .
so he has requested to hand over the inscription images from the inscription department of karnataka to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
the case came for hearing before a bench comprising sivagnanam and r dharani .
during the hearing the judges ordered to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols of tamil nadus's inscriptions and adjourned the hearing to october 22 .
tipuric issues rallying call ahead of aussie showdown .
justin tipuric says it is time to perform when wales face a world cup showdown against australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament .
victory for wales against the wallabies would install them as redhot favourites to win pool d and secure a likely quarterfinal appointment with france or argentina .
but if australia beat wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send tipuric and company hurtling towards a lasteight clash against england .
there is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group, wales flanker tipuric said .
there have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them australia .
i think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win .
before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one .
now we are here, it's time to perform, really .
wales have only claimed one victory against australia, new zealand or south africa in world cup history and that was 32 years ago in a thirdplace playoff when they toppled the wallabies .
and their overall record under head coach warren gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights .
wales halted a 13test losing sequence at australia's hands last november, with tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 96 success who run out at tokyo stadium on sunday .
asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, tipuric added it's tough to say .
those games are so tight, there is maybe people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, i don't know .
in the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was .
if wales are to triumph, then tipuric's battle at the breakdown with australia's revered backrow double act michael hooper and david pocock will be crucial .
the 67 timescapped tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming .
they are absolutely worldclass sevens, he said .
when you play against worldclass backrowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game .
those two are consistently up there with the best in the world .
you know what type of game you are going to be in for .
pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively and michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time .
you would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a backrow that isn't as good .
you want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form .
i wouldn't say that sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this world cup .
momentum is an important part of it .
if you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat .
danger of chennai being submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
27 the interim government panel for climate change has warned that coastal cities including kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai face the danger of getting submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
the ipcc, which has done research for united nations climate change, has released the research report .
it has mentioned that at the end of this century the himalayas will melt rapidly and sea levels will rise significantly .
hence there will be a danger of the 4 cities kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai getting submerged in the sea .
at the same time many parts of north india will face very severe water shortages .
sea levels are rising faster than before .
around 14 billion people will be affected due to this in the year 2100 .
due to a rise in water levels up to 50 cm, apart from the 4 coastal cities in india, 45 port cities around the world are in danger of getting submerged in floods .
since this danger is on the rise every year, low lying coastal cities and small islands are in a very dangerous situation .
furthermore, if emergency measures are not taken to reduce global warming, sea temperatures will rise causing marine life to become extinct .
there will not be sea foods universally .
more cyclones are likely to develop .
during the years 1982 to 2016, there has been a twofold increase in sea temperatures .
thus it was mentioned in the research report .
eastenders spoilers ben kisses callum after whitney's bombshell .
the sizzling tension between callum highway tony clay and ben mitchell max bowden is set to explode once more in eastenders as a sudden bombshell from whitney dean shona mcgarty leaves callum thrown and leads him back into the arms of his lover .
but will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment? .
since callum helped to save ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling bobby beale clay milner russell, he and ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with callum recently telling ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side .
tonight, whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left .
it's clearly done her the world of good to get away from walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husbandtobe had cheated on her .
as she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with callum .
but soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling .
as callum reacts badly, jay mitchell jamie borthwick is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the queen vic .
drunk and emotional, callum marches round to ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him .
ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to callum and before long, callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss .
but where will they go from here? .
the couple will attempt a date next week but after ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards .
but after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident callum is determined to fight for what he wants and deserves .
eastenders airs the kiss on friday 27th september at 830pm on bbc one .
'total panic' as white house struggles to find impeachment footing .
white house officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed democratic impeachment push thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of total panic over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality .
there appears to be rising anxiety, unease, and concern as one person close to the white house described the mood in the west wing that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him .
there's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there, this person said .
white house officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply this doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle, the person quipped .
another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the white house as shellshocked, with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become unmanageable .
that concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more impulsive behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry .
that's sparking worries that trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment .
with his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during robert mueller's russia investigation .
he tried to downplay his request for the ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by democrats and presidential contender joe biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives .
but while many in the white house are battletested from the mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said .
for a president whose brand is viewed as strength, wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation .
while trump relished questions on the russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about ukraine, they said .
some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of the controversial call in question between president trump and ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskiy a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility .
and, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense .
but one republican strategist close to the white house points out that the president's base approval ratings are already skyhigh and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters .
there is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment, particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle .
another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be .
worried white house officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team .
with the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war roomstyle effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans .
but there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given democratic impeachment efforts, that person said .
the lack of a longterm strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when secretary of state mike pompeo and treasury secretary steve mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing trump's call with the ukrainian president and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation .
it is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by robert mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments one person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is corey lewandowski, trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter .
but lewandowski told nbc news it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort .
for the last five years, i've done everything i can to support the president and his agenda, he said, but i have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative .
trump's outside lawyer from the mueller investigation, jay sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts .
we will deal with matters as appropriate, sekulow said when reached by nbc news for comment .
the white house currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that emmet flood, who worked on the clinton impeachment and guided the white house through the end of the mueller investigation, has left, with current white house counsel pat cipollone lacking that type of experience .
one source familiar with the white house strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all handsondeck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said .
the meteorological department in its weather report released today morning has predicted rain with thunder in most parts of the country .
there may be rain or rain with thunder in the evening or night in most parts of the country .
a few places in sabaragamuwa, central and uva districts may receive up to 75 mm of rainfall .
areas lying beyond the coast in eastern district may receive moderate rain in the morning .
royal caribbean explorer of the seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed .
the explorer of the seas, part of the royal caribbean international family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer .
following an impressive 110 million £89 million revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family .
this summer the explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across italy and greece, giving passengers a taste of mediterranean europe .
however, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea .
offering something for everyone, the explorer's new 110m or roughly £89,000,000 boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape .
impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema .
however, possibly the most groundbreaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside .
for the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark .
islandstyle hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrillseekers onboard .
appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations .
for the little ones, the kid's adventure ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s .
if that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glowinthedark laser tag at the ship's studio b, which impressively doubles as an iceskating rink .
while sailing the mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard .
updated asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new giovanni's italian kitchen .
other eateries onboard include chops grille american steakhouse, boleros latin bar, schooner bar and johnny rockets express .
with a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from rome in may 2020 .
as royal caribbean's second european ship, it will join allure of the seas which has also recently undergone a jawdropping transformation .
following the allure's 58day makeover, which totalled a whopping 165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus 300 worth of onboard spending money .
according to the cruise operator explorer of the seas is the fourth ship in the voyager class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's royal amplified fleet modernisation effort .
an investment of more than 1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning oneofakind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife .
devin nunes accuses democrats of wanting 'nude pictures of trump' .
congressman devin nunes rcalif apparently can't bare the thought of president donald trump being investigated .
and in his defense of the president on thursday, he accused democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president .
nunes, the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that trump sought ukrainian help in investigating democratic presidential candidate joe biden and his son .
the congressman called the ukraine scandal a grotesque spectacle created by the left and their media assets before claiming the democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff .
democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of trump, nunes said .
people can reasonably ask why the democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance .
after nunes finished his dressingdown, huffpost senior political reporter jennifer bendery decided to find out if democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this .
so far, only connecticut rep jim himes d has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well .
mediaitecom suspects nunes' clothingoptional comments were a reference to some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details that supposedly appear in the controversial steele dossier .
that's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against trump compiled by former british spy christopher steele that mentions the possible existence of a pee tape, which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in golden showers in a moscow hotel room .
there has been a stir as a statement from theni medical college principal rajendran contradicts a statement from student udit surya, who has been arrested for impersonation fraud in neet exams .
dr venkatesan is from tondiarpet in chennai .
he is a doctor in stanley medical college, chennai .
there was a complaint that his son was involved in a neet exam impersonation fraud .
after conducting enquiry in this regard, the cbcid police arrested student udit surya and his father dr venkatesan .
the investigation revealed that udit's father venkatesan paid rs 20 lakhs, made another student write the exam and admitted his son to medical college by means of fraud .
following this udit surya and his father were produced in court and were put in prison .
in this context, the cbcid police investigated theni medical college principal rajendran earlier before investigating udit surya regarding the neet exam impersonation .
there is a difference in his statement to the cbcid police and udit surya's statement .
in his explanation, theni medical college principal rajendran said that the person in the hall ticket was present during admission .
and the student admission was done based on that .
so the same person who wrote the neet exam was present during counselling and admission and udit surya was present only in the college classes, said the principal .
but udit surya has informed in his statement that he was directly present during counselling and student admission .
how did udit surya secure admission in the college using the hall ticket with the photo of an impersonated person? .
how it was unnoticed during counselling and admission? .
these are the questions raised now .
now the investigations reveal that the student udit surya has given the profile containing his photo to the medical college during admission .
the photos in that and the hall ticket are different .
also the statement of the student udit surya and the statement made by theni medical college principal rajendran to the cbcid police are different .
so the cbcid police have started investigation with higher officials also .
the mysteries will be solved only if the results are revealed .
whoever is involved will become known .
mr sarath pawar gave a stirring interview declaring he will not bow to the central government, and also announced he will appear before the enforcement department tomorrow, in connection with a cooperative bank scam case .
the state treasury suffered a loss of rs 25 thousand crores due to malpractices at the maharashtra cooperative bank in 2007 .
this loss is said to have been caused by granting loans to sugar factories and spinning factories violating the norms .
regarding this scam, the mumbai police have framed charges against a senior official of the nationalist congress party, former deputy chief minister mr ajit pawar and 70 other people as per the order of the bombay high court .
this includes political leaders, former executives of the cooperative bank and officers .
in a sudden twist in this case, the enforcement department has filed a case on ajit pawar and nationalist congress party president sarath pawar on the basis of the case filed by the police .
sharad pawar is a former chief minister and also served as a minister in the central government led by congress .
with the elections for maharastra assembly scheduled on the 21st of next month october, this move by the enforcement department has caused a stir .
in this backdrop the president of the nationalist congress party mr sharad pawar spoke to news reporters in mumbai .
i thank the enforcement department for including me in this case, even though i am not a member or a deciding authority .
there is nothing surprising about this move .
i will be mostly out of mumbai for campaigning in my assembly constituency .
so the enforcement department would misunderstand me as being in hiding .
i am going to the enforcement department office on friday tomorrow .
and also provide them the information they need .
it is their right to enquire about the case .
i believe in the constitution .
so i will fully cooperate with the investigation .
maharashtra follows the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj .
we don’t know how to bow before the throne of delhi .
the maharashtra chief minister mr devendra patnavis has denied the allegations of political interference in this case .
regarding this he said .
the high court has ordered the police to file a case in this regard when the fraud is to a scale of rs 100 crores, the enforcement department will enquire that case .
so the enforcement department has become involved this case .
it is wrong to say that this move is for political reasons .
potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions .
while electric cars and tesla semitrucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy airplanes .
but a professor at the university of alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel .
dr david bressler is a professor at the university of alberta in the faculty of agricultural, life environmental sciences who began this project in 2003 .
his lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil .
unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleumbased fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process .
the technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleumbased fuels .
what our technology did in the first generation, bressler said is actually make the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline .
while this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to destabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem .
the problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch22, bressler said .
it's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements .
bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel .
the first being a lowrisk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen .
the second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures .
we can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit, bressler said about the second option .
that one's a higher risk .
the university of alberta spinoff company forge hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the canadian and american militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option .
they can see a future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax, he said .
they want an alternative in place that is a fallback position .
currently, forge runs a pilot plant near edmonton's waste management centre and recently acquired a us4 million investment from lockheed martin to support the construction of a 25million production facility to be located in sombra, ontario .
the facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year .
bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher .
as a technology guy, bressler said .
my job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with .
the high court decided yesterday to review the fundamental right petition filed by the obstetrician and gynaecologist dr sehu sihabdeen of kurunakal doctrine hospital .
this petition is to be taken up by the high court on 24th january .
it should be noted that the doctor shabi has filed a fundamental right petition objecting his arrest and detention by the criminal investigation department under various charges including doing illegal contraceptive surgery and collection of funds by improper means .
boris johnson's allies warn britain faces lastyle riots if brexit is reversed as pm calls for calm .
a senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the original result .
the prime minister's senior allies warned the uk faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in france over economic inequalities and los angeles riots in 1992 .
mr johnson said tempers need to come down in the furious row over political language but insisted he won't stop using the word surrender .
despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told the times in this country we never had the gilets jaunes yellow vests or the la riots in 1992 .
people don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before .
now they have a model gilets jaunes they have encrypted phones to coordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people .
riots in erupted in los angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver rodney king in 1992 .
earlier this year, antigovernment french protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of paris for more than six weeks .
the minister pointed to mr johnson's warning in the commons that there would be a catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system if britain failed to leave the eu .
if we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy, said the minister .
even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their mp and not let it go .
it doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street .
a senior cabinet minister added that country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one .
mr johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle brexit .
it has been reported he is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu instead .
pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder .
women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away .
it takes too long, people forget, said farzana bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the highprofile baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved .
though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the human rights commission of pakistan found at least 300 cases of honour killing in 2018 .
many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the honour based violence awareness network estimating that pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year .
prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of india .
india's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot .
normally the monsoon in north india recedes by the beginning of september, but the average rainfall this month has been 37 above normal .
if the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the india meteorological department .
many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of pune in western india, where torrential rain on wednesday and thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings .
homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon .
other cities such as kolkata, lucknow and hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall .
uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains .
the monsoon was also late to arrive .
many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought .
the extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers .
this amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year .
it is making my vegetables i've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment rot, said prakash mehra, a small farmer in bhimtal in uttarakhand .
for consumers, the impact of the delayed and now latereceding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in indian food .
onions are selling at 80 rupees about £1 a kilo in cities such as delhi and mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees 23p .
festivals are also at risk .
the next big festival is dussehra on 8 october, when hindus erect giant, comic bookstyle effigies of ravana, a figure from the hindu epic the ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin .
burning ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil .
but given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, ravana might have the last laugh .
how would the environment of a government hospital be if it is used for multiple facilities such as a bus stop, free car park, public toilet and meeting ground for political parties? .
this is the plight of the government hospital in uthangarai, in krishnagiri district .
this is an important government hospital where 1000 to 1200 patients are treated everyday .
in the areas that surround hospitals, many rules need to be followed, such as avoiding excessive noise and pollution .
with nobody following these rules, the uthangarai government hospital is in an awful state .
government and private buses are parked just near the entrance of the hospital .
even though the bus stop is near the hospital, the buses are parked near the entrance .
those buses create noise pollution .
the conductors' shouting adds to the woes .
the government hospital entrance is also the shelter for private ambulances .
so there is always traffic congestion in front of the entrance .
tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon, minister of revenue and disaster management rb udhayakumar said in trichy .
minister rb udhayakumar, who came to trichy to take part in various programmes, spoke to reporters .
other states except tamil nadu face the southwest monsoon .
the northeast monsoon commences in the month of october in tamil nadu and lasts for three months .
during this monsoon, if the low pressure bays formed on the surface of the sea gather momentum, there are chances that there may be cyclone landfall .
considering the impact of the previous cyclones, tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon during the current year .
4,393 areas are found to be prone to risks .
among these, places where water stagnates up to 5 feet were listed as most dangerous .
12 coastal districts in the state have a possibility of being affected by cyclones .
121 special centres have been set up in these districts to provide a safe shelter to the public .
apart from these, marriage halls, schools and community centres in other districts are also instructed to be kept ready .
rs 148 crores have been allocated for rescue works .
the state disaster force in these districts is also in a state of preparedness .
due to the precautionary measures taken by the government, not a single fisherman died during cyclone gaja .
instead there were losses of lives due to wall collapses and electrocution .
adequate precautionary measures are being taken this year to avoid even these such casualties .
along with rescue works, relief, rehabilitation and restructuring works are also going on .
accordingly, steps have been taken to issue pattas to 110 lakh people who have lost their homes and build houses in the districts of pudukkottai, tanjore, nagapattinam and thiruvarur which were affected by cyclone gaja .
thus the minister spoke .
due to the rains in the past few days, the lake in lord muruga temple in tiruttani is full .
saravana poigai lake is located near the steps that lead to the hill temple .
the devotees, after taking a holy bath in this lake, will walk through steps and worship .
in addition to this, during the annual aadi krithigai festival, a three day raft festival is celebrated in this lake .
since there was no water in the holy lake during the aadi krithigai festival last month, the lake was filled with water from tractors with the help of temple management, volunteers and devotees .
the function was held after that .
in this scenario, due to heavy rains during the last few days in tiruttani town, saravana poigai lake is full and the surplus water is overflowing now .
after a period of four years, the holy lake is overflowing only now .
district collector mr p ponnaiah has said that farmers can make more profit by choosing the fast growing tilapia fish .
in a press release regarding this he said .
farmers growing fish in farm ponds can select geneticallyenhanced tilapia fish they grow faster and are more profitable than other fish .
more tilapia fish can be kept and grown in less area compared to other fishes .
these fish are more immune and can grow faster than other fish .
also consumers want this fish more than other fish .
so farmers are requested to select these geneticallyenhanced fish and get more profit by growing them .
tilapia fish seeds are ready for sale throughout the year at the government fish farm located near krishnagiri dam .
farmers can buy and grow these fish .
farmers growing these fish have to erect safety fencing around their fish farms and due care should be taken to prevent these fish from spreading to the nearby water bodies .
they have to register their farms in kanchipuram district fish growers’ development camp first and then start growing the fish .
further details can be obtained in person at the office of the assistant director, fisheries department, east coast road, neelangarai, kanchipuram district or by calling 04424492719 .
a memorandum of understanding has been signed between three parties to conduct dna tests on human bones found in keezhadi .
the archaeology department of tamil nadu, madurai kamaraj university and harvard medical school have signed a memorandum of understanding to conduct dna tests on bones that were obtained during excavation of the sites at keezhadi, konthagai and adichanallur in tamil nadu .
the executive secretary and commissioner of the archaeology department t udhayachandran said .
the archaeology department, madurai kamaraj university and the david reich lab of harvard medical school will jointly sign a memorandum of understanding to take up the research .
we are hopeful of finding more ancient human bones in our future archaeological excavations in konthagai, keezhadi and adichanallur .
these samples will be sent for dna research .
this will reveal the genes that were found in the human bones excavated in tamil nadu .
heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke .
working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests .
that was the case for a group of japaneseamerican men in hawaii who were followed for more than three decades .
compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found .
this study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors, said study coauthor dr beatriz rodriguez .
she's a professor of geriatric medicine at the university of hawaii at manoa .
the findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on oahu who took part in the kuakini honolulu heart program .
because only men of japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted .
since pesticides have a long halflife, their effects on health may show up years after exposure .
in this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure .
after following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant, rodriguez said in a news release .
this was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life .
researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke .
the zelenskytrump phone call poroshenko weighs in .
it was an explosive week in washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against us president donald trump .
for political novice volodymyr zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid .
but what do we know so far about the zelenskytrump affair and will it have farreaching effects for the former? .
quite early on in the phone call, trump tells zelensky that the us is doing more for ukraine than other european countries .
although the calls notes released by the white house is not verbatim, it details trump taking a hit at german chancellor angela merkel that the german leader and other european counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals .
it was zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with trump 100, rather 1000 .
zelensky added that both the french president macron and merkel are not working enough to assist ukraine .
this exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within ukraine, talking on social media .
petro poroshenko, ukraine's former president, took to twitter to say that the support provided by the eu has been unprecedented .
in other tweets, poroshenko said that he was grateful for the eu support provided during russian aggression, which included sanctions and economic aid .
others expressed their concern, with ukranian politician victoria voytsiska saying how could we speak to germany and france again? .
trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims one into joe biden's son hunter but also into the hacked dnc server, suggesting that ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the democrat's emails during the 2016 election .
whether this will hinder european relations, or burn bridges with his french and german counterparts, is unclear .
i don't want to say anything bad about anyone .
we thank everyone who helps us, zelensky said in new york at the un general assembly following the release of the phone transcript .
zelensky is set to meet the leaders of russia, germany, and france in the upcoming normandy four summit in october .
previously dormant black holes may suddenly become active and swallow the stars that pass nearby .
if a black hole becomes a shining atomic nucleus it is called a quasar .
the scientists in baltimore observatory in america have seen six of these quasars .
the scientists are also surprised that this phenomenon, which should have taken thousands of years, wass over within six months .
the reason for growing many trees is that they absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and release oxygen .
but a bbioreactor device namely eos created by hypergiant industries absorbs as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees .
it is an algae called chlorella vulgaris, grown inside the eos bioreactor that looks like a refrigerator, that absorbs the carbon dioxide .
the prime minister narendra modi made a speech on the radio programme 'maan ki bath' .
during the speech, prime minister narendra modi conveyed his wishes for navaratri and also requested the people to make this 150th birth anniversary of gandhi a special one and free this country from singleuse plastic .
modi spoke tobacco affects brain growth and injures health, so we should try to avoid that .
ecigarettes have been banned recently as they contain harmful chemicals .
the public don’t have enough awareness about this .
young peope should stay away from ecigarettes .
there has been a misconception that ecigarettes are harmless .
unlike normal cigarettes, heating liquids containing nicotine in ecigarettes produces a kind of chemical smoke this can be detrimental to the health .
ghana wins two icao awards .
ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th international civil aviation organisation icao assembly in montreal, canada .
the safety award was in recognition of ghana obtaining africa's highest score in aviation safety oversight after scoring a provisional effective implementation ei rate of 8989 percent .
this was after icao concluded its coordinated validation mission icvm on april 3, 2019, in line with the united nations aviation agency's universal safety oversight audit programme .
the award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the icao's recommended standards and protocols on security at the airport and ghana's airspace .
the awards scheme was established in support of the icao's no country left behind initiative .
additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of icao who had improved upon their safety and security standards .
present to receive the awards for ghana was the minister of aviation, joseph kofi adda director general of the ghana civil aviation authority, simon allotey ghana's ambassador to canada, nii ayikoi otoo and the managing director of the ghana airport company limited, yaw kwakwa .
the president for the international civil aviation organisation, olumuyiwa benard aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space .
he said it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities .
on his part, mr adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance .
he further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying aviation holds a lot to transform our lives .
the socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve .
in the midst of the united nations general assembly meeting held yesterday in new york, prime minister modi held a discussion with the member countries of the caribbean community and common market caricom .
during this meeting modi announced financial assistance of 14 million usd for caribbean community and common market community development projects and a loan of 150 million usd for schemes related to solar, renewable energy and climate change .
prime minister modi also announced the setting up of the regional centre for excellence in information technology in georgetown and the setting up of the regional vocational training centre in belize .
caricom is a federation of 20 nations in the caribbean islands, ie the west indies .
they work together to build economic and political community, to design policies for the region and to promote economic growth and trade .
during his welcome address for the leaders of the west indian islands, prime minister modi said, “i welcome your interest in participating in this meeting .
india is fighting against some important issues of today such as climate change and poverty .
with today's meeting, india joins caricom countries in fulfilling today's needs and future aspirations with mutual cooperation .
i hope that we all put forward important recommendations from our part,” prime minister modi said .
the caribbean islands are located in the americas region .
a few of these islands are surrounded by caribbean islands .
a few islands are surrounded by caribbean islands on one side and on the other side by the north atlantic ocean .
these islands are located in the southeast bay regions of mexico, east of central america and north of south america .
it consists of around 700 islands .
though these islands are located very close to america, economically they are still developing .
a considerable number of peope of indian origin live on these islands .
in this context india has made this financial assistance to the caribbean countries .
trump nominates peter gaynor to be fema chief white house .
federal emergency management agency fema acting administrator peter gaynor smiles as he testifies before a senate appropriations homeland security subcommittee hearing on fema's fy2020 budget request on capitol hill in washington, us, april 3, 2019 .
washington reuters us president donald trump nominated peter gaynor on thursday to head the federal emergency management agency fema, the white house said in a statement .
gaynor, fema's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires .
the agency has been without a senateconfirmed administrator since march, when brock long left the post .
long resigned after the department of homeland security, under which fema falls, concluded long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between washington and his home in north carolina .
a different nominee for the job, jeffrey byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl .
gaynor's nomination to the post was expected .
he will require a majority of the senate to approve the nomination to take the job .
before becoming fema's deputy administrator in 2018, gaynor worked in emergency management in rhode island and was a marine, the white house said .
even after many rounds of talks between tamil nadu and karnataka regarding the cauvery issue there is no success, central minister nitin gadkari has informed .
the 34th convocation of vit university was held yesterday at katpadi in vellore district .
the central road transport minister nitin gadkari participated in that event as a special invitee .
his speech goes on like this apart from the generation of electricity from wind mill and solar energy, the scheme to convert sea water into drinking water is also planned to be implemented .
we are considering the generation of electricity from windmills at a low cost in tuticorin, kandla and paradeep ports .
if this scheme is implemented, electricity can be generated at a cost of rs 250 per unit .
to prevent 3000 tmc waste water entering into sea from godavari in andhra pradesh, we have devised a plan at a cost of 6 thousand crore rupees and implemented that .
but many rounds of talks with tamil nadu and karnataka to implement water conservation schemes have not yielded results .
there will not be any issue between tamilnadu and karnataka if cauvery waste water entering the sea is stopped .
so far there has been no improvement in the cauvery issue through dialogue, .
thus gadkari spoke .
following this, gadkari participated in laying the foundation stone for coir bodies started in 13 states, held on behalf of coir board .
when gadkari left the venue the bjp cadres shouted “bharat mata ki jai,” as usual .
meanwhile the supporters of vellore dmk mp kathir anand, who were present there, shouted long live periyar .
seeing this, gadkari left the venue, smiling .
police shut down illegal marijuana vaping operating in san gabriel valley cbs los angeles .
el monte cbsla police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the san gabriel valley thursday .
the bust happened at about 437 pm after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil concentrated cannabis oil at an office building in the 9600 block of telstar avenue .
lt christopher cano with the el monte police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges .
the process is very dangerous, cano said .
cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable .
simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration, he said .
and if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion .
a hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance .
the value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known .
detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation .
investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation .
they said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant .
while the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping .
this is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying, cano said .
this could be mixed with other harmful chemicals .
it could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations .
elizabeth i's lost dress to go on display at hampton court palace .
it was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies .
to eleri lynn, curator of the dress collection at historic royal palaces, that meant only one thing .
the faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of elizabeth i .
three years after lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in bacton, herefordshire, elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at hampton court palace, close to the very rooms where the tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago .
it is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16thcentury dress survives .
and while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe .
cloth of silver, a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the virtuoso quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners .
the gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a tudor mansion .
in addition, said lynn, in the 1590s, late in elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric .
it's a big thing to say, so i have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it .
and it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a wow moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress .
the long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of st faith's, bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear .
bacton was the home hamlet of blanche parry, the closest of elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with parry .
though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe elizabeth must have given it to the parry family or the parish in blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603 .
after more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the rainbow portrait, one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by hatfield house for the duration of the exhibition .
when you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them, said libby thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the hampton court grounds the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries .
looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it .
i have never worked on anything that's quite so elite .
the lost dress of elizabeth opens on 12 october at hampton court palace .
the incident of a student named udit surya joining in theni medical college by impersonation has come to light .
following this he has been arrested by the cbcid police along with the family .
following this the verification process of student images has been intensified in all medical colleges .
in this situation, a difference between the old and present images of students jothika and siva ramachandran of psg medical college, coimbatore was found .
subsequently an enquiry was made by the medical college department .
the interview given by the director of medical college narayana babu, to the reporters today .
we received a complaint on 23rd that there is slight difference between the images of the two students .
following this, we constituted an enquiry committee comprising 5 members .
we conducted an enquiry with the two students and their parents .
we collected their certificates, neet exam hall ticket, and identity card and compared these documents with our documents .
at the end of this scrutiny it was confirmed that both the students were not fake .
problems like this arise even when there is a small difference in the photographs .
so the health minister has ordered the introduction of a biometric process in student admission from next year onwards .
in future biometric and fingerprints will be used .
during application, exam and student admission phases, the details of the concerned student will open only upon providing the fingerprints .
so no one can cheat .
following this the students siva ramachandran and jothika who were subjected to the enquiry spoke to the reporters together .
jothika said in the photo provided by me i appeared with double braids .
that photograph was taken during my school days .
now i have changed my hairstyle .
so it is not similar now .
so i have been made to face enquiry for this small issue .
my haircut has created the problem and nothing else, she lamented .
ramachandran said there is difference between my present and old images .
at that time, i had only one photo .
that was an old photo .
hence there was confusion, and an enquiry was made .
pondicherry plastic association has requested prime minister modi to save the livelihoods of lakhs of workers .
a press note released by sankaran and secretary vk balu says .
in india plastic recycling is done by collecting the plastic thrown in streets and dustbins .
plastic that is currently banned in few states throughout india is recyclable .
in india due to poverty and unemployment 60 to 70 of plastic waste is recycled already .
the remaining plastic waste can also be used in a useful way .
plastic waste can be used in various ways such as 1 plastic tar roads 2 electricity generation 3 petrol and diesel production 4 concrete block production .
the carrier bags which are considered as the most important singleuse and disposable items are being given free to the public because of the culture of compulsorily providing free packing of items while buying in shops .
these plastic bags are seen openly in water bodies .
since these carrier bags have very low density, all other waste materials thrown into water bodies reach the bottom, except the plastic .
unfortunately only the plastics are seen floating .
throughout india there are 40,000 plastic manufacturing industries .
among them 98 belong to small scale and marginal industries .
similarly there are thousands of shops that sell plastic items .
there are 2,000 companies that export plastic materials .
it gives employment to around 50 lakh in both production and sales .
plastic industries have a turnover of 5 lakh crores and give an income of 50 crores to central and state governments .
as far as the plastic industry is concerned, there are no environmental issues in its production or usage .
but unfortunately environmental issues are caused because of a lack of awareness among the public about the environment .
so we humbly request the prime minister not to ban any plastic items on october 2 and make an announcement to impose strict rules to handle plastic waste properly and to act in a constructive way, and to save the livelihood of thousands of young, small and marginal scale entrepreneurs who are dependent on this industry and the livelihoods of lakhs of workers who are dependent on them .
thus they said in the statement .
the president of the indian haj association abubacker, who participated in the all india haj seminar, said that efforts will be taken to include india in the list of countries that provide on the spot umrah visas on landing in saudi arabia, in the airport itself .
he proudly informed that tamil nadu is the only state in the country giving grants to haj pilgrims .
an all india level seminar conducted by indian haj was held in haj house in mumbai .
the indian ambassador for saudi arabia dr azub and the president of the indian haj association abubacker attended as special invitees .
leaders of the haj association, executive officers and officials of the external affairs and minority welfare departments also participated along with them .
during his speech abubacker said that the government of tamil nadu has been giving grants to haj pilgrimage for the past two years due to the love and affection it has towards muslims .
he noted that tamil nadu is the only state in india to give such a grant .
following his speech, the indian ambassador for saudi arabia said that efforts will be made for the pilgrimage of 30 lakh hajis before the year 2025 .
hajis who went on pilgrimage in 2019 were known to have a few problems on the air india flight .
hence a new agreement will be made with air india to provide more facilities to the hajis who would go on the 2020 haj pilgrimage .
he also said arrangements will be made to accommodate hajis with star hotel facilities, with the help of oio, a saudibased indian firm .
steps to be taken to make more muslims travel were also discussed in this review meeting .
on behalf of 30 crore muslims in india and the indian haj association, president abubacker thanked the prime minister's office and minorities ministry for their tireless work for the 2019 haj pilgrimage .
a car was suspiciously caught in mud on agricultural land this morning in ponnai sn palayam, near katpadi in vellore district .
there was noone near it .
the car's back window was broken .
there were dangerous weapons like sickles and knives and red sanders inside the car .
the people of the village alerted the ponnai police about the matter .
the police quickly arrived on scene and rescued the car that was caught in the mud .
mexican cartel boss behind onethird of drugs in the us .
chicago just after sunrise on chicago's west side, cbs news watched the morning rush for drugs .
brian mcknight with the drug enforcement administration dea showed what was going on in broad daylight .
last year in chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses .
mcknight said probably 90 of the drugs in chicago are coming from mexico .
the dea is focused on a mexican drug lord named nemesio cervantes, known simply as el mencho .
he is the number one priority for dea and frankly for federal law enforcement in the united states, said matthew donahue, the dea's top agent in mexico .
a bounty for el mencho is up to 10 million .
he has helped uncover dozens of el mencho drug labs in the jungle .
el mencho's cartel jalisco nueva generacion, or cjng, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the us by land and sea .
according to the department of justice, the cartel has trafficked tons of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyllaced heroin .
el mencho has a 10 million bounty on his head .
ironically, he lived in california some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to mexico .
that's where he started the violent cartel .
he has got an enormous amount of weapons, rpgs, 50 caliber weapons .
he basically has his own swat teams, donahue said .
from shooting down a mexican army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, el mencho protects his empire with impunity .
cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years .
according to statistics from the mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day .
back in chicago, the mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear .
at the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands .
more than a third can be traced back to el mencho's cartel .
he is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids, donahue said .
so, when someone's child dies, donahue said there's a good chance those drugs came from el mencho's organization .
last year, more than 67,000 americans died from an overdose .
those who don't feel proud to call modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians, central minister jitendra singh has said .
it is a known fact that bjp leaders are continuously engaged in projecting gandhi and nehru in the wrong sense .
just a few hours before a programme howdy modi in houston in america, the central minister amit shah has said that nehru was the reason behind the creation of pakistanoccupied kashmir .
a few days ago, many bjp leaders including pragya thakur insulted gandhi and praised ghotse .
in the program “howdy modi” held in houston, prime minister modi informed that he supports american president trump to be elected again .
in return american president trump has heavily praised modi .
during his speech he mentioned that there were severe divisions in india and as the father of the nation he eliminated those divisions and united the nation .
while gandhi is usually called as the father of nation, this has shocked several people .
senior congress leader anand sharma said “the prime minister has used the programme howdy modi to campaign for trump .
this is a very wrong .
projecting himself as the father of india, instead of gandhi is also a wrong one” .
central minister of state jitendra singh said “american president trump has praised our prime minister as the father of india .
a few have objected to this .
those who don’t feel proud in calling prime minister modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians,” and this speech has created controversy .
the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
in the meeting of ministers of the nonalignment movement, the secretary of sri lankan external affairs noted that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
the speech of the external affairs secretary is as follows .
the secretary of sri lankan external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly, while speaking in the minister's level meeting of the nonalignment movement in new york on 26 september 2019, the secretary of external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles when the universal multilateral mechanisms is in trouble .
as the nonalignment movement includes 55 percent of the world population, it is its moral duty to voice the concerns of the south, particularly the growing small countries .
sri lanka again confirmed its commitment towards the efforts of the nonaligned movement that faces universal challenges such as conflicts, migration, climate change and infectious diseases that cross national borders .
nontraditional security threats such as climate change is not only a threat to the economy and community but also emerges as security threat that affects communities and countries due to manmade disasters .
while welcoming the summit of united nations general secretary for climaterelated actions, held in the headquarters of united nations on 23 september 2019, the secretary aryasinghe expressed his deep concerns about negative impacts of climate change in island nations such as sri lanka .
the external affairs secretary expressed hope that by fulfilling the duties mentioned in the paris agreement, the cop25 to be held in chile will increase its efforts to combat climate change .
the external affairs secretary aryasinghe informed that sri lanka gains prominence in opposing all kinds of racism, hatred and violent extremism and there is the need to focus on the new threats that are proved by the easter sunday attacks in sri lanka .
he also noted that such a universal threat threatens the security of all nations and it cannot be handled by a single country but needs cooperation, and also he called upon the nonalignment movement to contribute in a constructive and cohesive manner for this universal security threat .
the external affairs secretary also noted that sri lanka believes in a free society where freedom of expression is ensured, however we should stay vigilant about hate speech and the threat of abusing the internet and social media platforms .
the theme 'upholding the principles of sovereignty and political freedom as a means of maintaining universal peace and security and improving friendship and cooperation between nations' became the subject of a ministerslevel meeting and also an outcome document was accepted .
sri lanka was the joint sponsor of 1955 bandung conference and a founder member of the nonalignment movement .
this group has been growing continuously for the six decades and its current number of members in united nations is 120, which is more than two thirds of the members .
new york is the permanent embassy of sri lanka for the un .
to improve the livelihood of poor and disadvantaged people in tamil nadu, former chief minister jayalalitha has announced an affordable amma cement scheme .
cement bags will be sold at 190 rupees per bag .
to obtain this, an aadhar card, family card, flat document and approved building map or an approval certificate from the village administrative officer needs to be handed over to the amma cement head of sales at tamil nadu civil supplies corporation godown .
the application should be sent along with the dd for the number of cement bags needed .
the cement bags will be handed over within one week of uploading the dd number on the website .
this is the procedure .
this is not followed properly in many places .
throughout tamil nadu there are complaints about officials receiving money inappropriately and selling amma cement bags on the black market .
to avoid any difficulties, the users try to get the bags quickly by offering kickbacks .
ps4 game goes oldschool, as sony reveals surprise playstation 4 news .
sony has shed more light on upcoming ps4 exclusive the last of us part two .
as part of sony's recent state of play presentation, sony announced a february 2020 release date for the last of us sequel .
fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game .
even more details have been announced in the days since the big last of us 2 gameplay reveal .
and it looks like sony and naughty dog are taking it back to the oldschool in more ways than one .
something we haven't seen very often since the psone era, the last of us part 2 will ship on multiple discs .
naughty dog's neil druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with the telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever .
this story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't, he said .
and it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters .
we didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way .
we got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section, druckmann continues .
it's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one bluray, it's on two discs .
elsewhere, it was revealed that the last of us part two contains one or two not safe for work easter eggs via gamespot .
while we won't ruin the surprise here, the ingame easter eggs include references to oldschool naughty dog releases .
you can find out more when the last of us part two launches exclusively for ps4 on february 21, 2020 .
ps4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up the last of us remastered with ps plus .
sony recently announced the playstation plus free ps4 games for october 2019, which includes the aforementioned naughty dog release .
mlb the show 19 will also be available for ps plus subscribers in october .
if you enjoy the last of us remastered and want to preorder the sequel, sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12inch statue of the iconic character .
the sri lankan government has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again .
a media release given by the foreign affairs ministry regarding this is as follows .
external affairs secretary aryasinghe has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into commonwealth again .
last thursday the external affairs secretary ravinatha aryasinghe welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again and in order to allow complete participation in the commonwealth government leaders' conference in 2020 he again insisted the complete support of sri lanka to use the fasttrack process that was used in allowing zambia back in again .
he made this observation in the conference of the commonwealth external affairs minister presided by the minister of state for the commonwealth and united nations lord ahmed of wimbledon, as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly .
he informed that sri lanka experiences a strong mutual relation with maldives which is a close neighbour and one of the south asian countries and we are happy that it has expressed its willingness to rejoin the commonwealth as a part of one of the primary initiatives taken by the new administration during the last year .
the external affairs secretary has noted that extensive evaluation work done by the secretariat of the commonwealth in january 2019 has paved the way for a positive resolution and any obstacle against its reentry should be considered just as a simple defect that affects all countries .
he insisted that further obstacles that lead to fewer incentives should not be kept in their path .
the external affairs secretary also participated in the conference of the group 77 g77 external affairs ministers at new york on 27 september 2019 .
it was noted that g77 is being positioned uniquely to call for universal actions as a remedy for various needs of the countries in special situations such as underdeveloped countries, growing countries that are surrounded by land and growing small islands .
this problem adversely affects economic and social development and also their ability to achieve sustainable development goals .
this organisation should act as a collective voice that calls for international aid and support for vulnerable and marginalised countries, particularly towards financial and skill development .
also in a statement released during a cooperative discussion of a meeting regarding 'science, technology and innovation' in which sri lanka acts as associate chief operator, the external affairs secretary remarked that the asian cooperation discussion region plays an important role in sustainable sociocultural and economic development .
the mediation position played by the asian cooperation discussion in promoting economic competitiveness helps asian countries to compete equally in the world market .
prime minister scott morrison has announced almost 100 million of extra assistance for droughtaffected communities .
a program delivering cash payments to droughtaffected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler .
the package includes almost 34 million for the drought community support initiative allowing eligible households access to up to 3000 in emergency payments .
up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to 1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the drought community programme .
the new support package comes on top of more than 7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government .
upon the order of the chief minister to monitor the precautionary and relief measures during the northeast monsoon seasons in chennai municipality, ias officers have been appointed for all the 15 zones headed by the government's chief secretary for the revenue and disaster management department .
the advisory meeting with the ias officers appointed for the 15 zones was held in ribbon building meeting hall, presided by the commissioner k prakash .
on account of the northeast monsoon, the monitoring officers appointed as per the order of the chief minister to oversee the zonal level actions are taking precautionary measures in each zone as per the advice of the minister for municipal administration, rural development and implementation of special programme sp velumani .
in this meeting extensive discussions are made regarding the works to be undertaken by the officials of the public works department, highways department, chennai metropolitan water supply and sewerage board, tamil nadu electricity department, tamil nadu slum clearance board, tamil nadu housing board, hindu religious and charitable endowments department, chennai and kanchipuram district revenue department, bsnl, chennai petroleum corporation limited, chennai metro rail limited, southern railways and national highway, concerning their departments .
it was requested to inform the regional monitoring officers, chennai metro municipality commissioner and assistant commissioners and to take up works immediately, coordinating with the officials of all departments .
in chennai municipality wards from 1 to 200, desilting works to prevent blockages in the open canals and in rain water drainage channels have been started and are in progress .
the officials were ordered to complete these works soon .
the workers in all the 200 wards in the chennai municipality are instructed to be present without taking leave .
it was announced in the meeting by officials of the concerned department that the chennai municipality is in a state of preparedness to take up all works reported during the zonal supervisor’s inspection, and to face the monsoon .
the officials from various departments viz tamil nadu adi dravida housing and development board managing director sajjan singh r chawan, regional deputy commissioners pn sridhar, dr albie john varghese, chief engineer, head engineers, executive engineers, zonal officers, public works department, highways department, chennai water and drainage department, electricity department, traffic police department, forest department, southern railways, chennai metro rail limited, and fire and rescue services participated in the meeting .
ronald lee haskell man convicted of killing his exwife's family in texas .
ronald lee haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of stephen and katie stay and four of their five children in spring, texas .
authorities said he entered the stays' home on july 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, melannie haskell .
she was not there, but her sister, katie stay, and her family were .
stephen stay, 39, katie stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when haskell opened fire, the harris county sheriff's office said .
only one member of the family, then 15yearold cassidy stay, survived .
authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery .
jurors on thursday unanimously rejected ronald lee haskell's insanity defense .
the jury was dismissed until monday for sentencing .
quantum internet closer to reality sciencedaily .
a us army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer .
such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches .
the us army's combat capability development's army research laboratory's center for distributed quantum information, funded and managed by the lab's army research office, saw researchers at the university of innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables .
entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits .
when two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away .
this 50 kilometers is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building intercity quantum networks, said dr ben lanyon, experimental physicist at university of innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the nature journal quantum information .
intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled .
this distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said .
the demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement, said dr sara gamble, comanager of the army program supporting the research .
the quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications .
the research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap .
using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored .
as a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled .
the challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables .
the photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber, lanyon said .
his team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser .
the photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for longdistance travel the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers .
the researchers then sent this photon through the 50kilometerlong optical fiber line .
their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled .
the choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be cotrapped with a high quality clock qubit .
large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications, said dr fredrik fatemi, an army researcher who also comanages the program .
bosnians protest croatian plans for nuclear waste facility .
hundreds of people rallied friday in northwest bosnia against plans by neighboring croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty .
the protesters in the bosnian town of novi grad urged croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in trgovska gora and pledged to fight the project .
the facility would hold waste from the krsko nuclear plant .
holding banners reading i want a healthy future and stop the una river needs us, bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the una river and the lives of around 250,000 area residents .
we have to say no! .
miroslav drljaca, the head of novi grad municipality told the crowd .
we must fight to preserve our way of life and our una .
located in slovenia, the 1980s krsko plant is owned jointly by croatia .
officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities .
croatia's state hrt television reported friday that croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility slovenia is building .
croatian minister of environment protection and energy tomislav coric told the broadcaster that croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution .
in bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear .
how come that out of entire croatia, the best is the trgovska gora pocket that is in bosnia's pants? asked drljaca .
we must not let them humiliate us! .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi, has accused that the concern of the uttar pradesh government about the farmers is just in advertisements only .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi is criticising various activities of the bjp government through social media .
in this context, yesterday she remarked that the government of uttar pradesh is not concerned about farmers' wellbeing .
priyanka gandhi has said in her post “the concern of the bjp government of uttar pradesh can be seen only in advertisements and hoardings .
farmers have not even received their arrears from the government .
the farmers were not proper electricity distribution .
but their electricity bills are severely hiked .
they are being cheated in the name of a loan waiver .
also they are insulted by the government of uttar pradesh” .
what is munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in the politician on netflix? .
the condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy .
the politican hits netflix today .
the show tells the story of payton hobart who wants to be president of the united states of america but first, he has to be student body president at his high school .
made by american horror story and glee creator ryan murphy, it features gwyneth paltrow, ben platt and lucy boynton .
without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about munchhausen's by proxy a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick .
there are different types of the condition, including munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill .
munchhausen's by proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill .
it is also known as fabricated or induced illness fii and is categorised as child abuse .
it is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill .
what are the signs of munchhausen's by proxy? .
the signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the nhs says that things to be aware of include .
persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy .
exaggerating or lying about symptoms .
manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes .
inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances .
how common is munchhausen's by proxy? .
as many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is .
one study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period .
what should you do if you think a child is at risk .
you can contact your local social services department or telephone the nspcc's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
the central government has given approval to build 123 lakh houses throughout india under the prime minister's housing scheme, including 26 thousand 709 houses in tamil nadu .
the central government is implementing the prime minister's housing scheme to ensure all the people in the country get their own house before 2022 .
in this case, the central sanctioning and monitoring committee csmc headed by the secretary for the central housing and urban affairs department durga sankar misra has sanctioned the building of 123 lakh houses at a cost of rs 4988 crores .
this information was given in a press release by central government yesterday .
accordingly, a maximum 27,746 houses will be built in west bengal and in tamil nadu 26,709 houses worth rs 939 crores will be built .
and houses are also planned to be built in the states of gujarat 20,903, punjab 10,332, chhattisgarh 10,079, jharkhand 8,674, madhya pradesh 8,314, karnataka 5,021, rajasthan 2,822, and uttarakhand 2,501 .
under this order, the central government has so far given permission to build more than 90 lakh houses in cities alone .
under this scheme, before 2022, 112 crore houses are planned to be built in cities and a total of 2 crore houses are planned to be built, including in villages .
nigeria police raid kaduna school, evacuate 300 children .
kaduna the kaduna state police command yesterday raided a school, imamu ahmad bn hambal, located at layin maidubun tsumma at rigasa in igabi local government area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children .
the police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition an allegation the school authority denied .
a resident who identified himself as shehu, a preacher in the school, said what they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents .
the parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school .
the parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in .
we were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school .
this is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police .
he added that the immediate past police commissioner abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained .
‎he said the children only studied quran and nothing else .
but the police command public relations officer, yakubu sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government .
they were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring quranic knowledge .
with many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten .
so, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility, he said .
foreign talent important to china's development .
guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the belt and road initiative bri, the guangdonghong kongmacao greater bay area gba, and shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area .
nanfang media group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 1070 in guangdong .
born in 2010 during the asian games in guangzhou, yash from singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in guangzhou .
nikita nikandrov, a russian student of shenzhen msubit university said, with the bri, russian students can study together with chinese students .
we can make new ideas and businesses together .
rachel rommeswinkel from the us started her career as a beauty blogger in dongguan and has over one million fans on bilibili and weibo .
she said she will keep sharing chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos .
leticia de lassus from france, the head of jjb international montessori ami centers in guangzhou, agrees that children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket .
if the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place .
chineseamerican henry xiao believes that at the heart of gba, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent .
nanta show producer sean choi from south korea said guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the nanta show to guangdong .
stephan mohler from switzerland, the technical quality director at the pearl river pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well .
to his surprise, many talented young people in china enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better .
unibet takes on its second us market .
kindred group's flagship brand unibet takes on its second us market in pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into pennsylvania with the opening of its sportsbook in partnership with mohegan sun pocono marking the company's second us market entry in just one month .
mohegan sun pocono's full destination offering, combined with unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state .
earlier this month, unibet launched its new jersey sportsbook and multiyear partnership with the new jersey devils .
we are excited and proud to partner with mohegan sun pocono to welcome patrons to our new sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino .
we wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer pennsylvanians a truly unmatched inhouse and soontocome online sports betting and casino experience, says manuel stan, svp kindred us .
we've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans .
introduction of the unibet offering to the market is a great positive for mohegan sun, as well as the state of pennsylvania, says aviram alroy, vice president of interactive gaming at mohegan gaming entertainment .
betting offerings to start will include nfl, ncaa, nhl, nba, pga, professional tennis, boxing, ufc, rugby, nascar, mls, premier league soccer, la liga and bundesliga .
powered by kambi, a worldleading b2b provider of premium sports betting services, the unibet sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around .
later this year, together with mohegan sun pocono, unibet will also launch its sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via apple and android mobile devices .
the minister of the rural industries department p benjamin applied nalangu for pregnant women and donated them essential materials in the angle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women conducted on behalf of the social welfare and nutritious meal programme department's integrated child development services scheme, at a private marriage hall located at villivakkam panchayat union, tiruvallur district .
in the programme minister p benjamin said .
the government under the chief minister, who follows the footsteps of the late chief minister amma, is providing many schemes for the poor and disadvantaged people and is working towards improving their livelihoods .
in such a way, amma's best scheme, the bangle wearing social ceremony scheme for pregnant women is being implemented in the best way .
monetary help for pregnant women has been raised from rs 12 thousand to rs 18 thousand .
this monetary help has been split into several instalments as prematernity, maternity and postmaternity .
amma's government is donating a gift pack consisting of 16 kinds of items for children born in government hospitals .
thus this government headed by the chief minister is considering the welfare of the people and works towards improving their livelihood .
today more than 200 pregnant ladies were applied with nalangu and received donations of essential materials .
earlier, all the people headed by the minister took an oath for nutrition awareness .
only after that did the minister release the nutrition awareness guide .
finally, at the end of the bangle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women, minister p benjamin served five types of rice and food to pregnant women .
the bangle wearing social ceremony on behalf of the integrated child development services scheme in tiruvallur district was held at 13 taluk level .
3,160 pregnant women from 1760 anganwadi centers in ellapuram, gummidipoondi, kadambattur, minjur, pallipattu, poonamallee, poondi, rkpet, chozhavaram, thiruvalankadu, tiruvallur, tiruttani and villivakkam regions participated in the bangle wearing social ceremony .
the project director tamil nadu state rural livelihoods mission vai jayakumar, project officer of the integrated child development servicesscheme rajeswari and government officials participated in this programme .
on the second day, october 1, actor kamal haasan will deliver a speech about the digital era and constructive use of social media by young people .
this will be followed by speeches by many experts on topics such as fake news, challenges and complications in cinema production, screenplay for new fans, and youttube's business model .
many successful people from the film and media industry are going to share their views .
those who want to participate in this twoday programme lasting from morning to evening can contact the number below and register their names! .
vijay alone getting this much opposition means he is growing, said his father and director sa chandrasekar .
the audio launch of the film bigil was recently held in chennai .
vijay participated in that event and said “in the death of subasri caused by a banner falling on the road, they are accusing the lorry driver and the printers of the banner, not knowing whom to blame he also said “people should be given positions only according to what they deserve” .
this speech by vijay was not welcomed by aiadmk and it is facing severe criticism .
meanwhile, makkal needhi maiyam president kamal hassan has supported vijay's speech .
in this context, vijay's father sa chandrasekar arrived at tuticorin airport through a flight from chennai to take part in an event in nagercoil, kanyakumari district .
there the reporters posed him questions about the criticism faced by vijay .
he answered while riding on a bike on the road, subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road .
everyone is talking about this issue .
vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about .
even the court has asked why the people involved in subhasri's incident have not been arrested until now .
but it is not clear why the ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone .
when vijay faces this amount of opposition, it means he is growing .
will your speech garner this amount of opposition? .
if vijay's speech faces criticism, that means he is growing .
the reporters asked, based on the speeches made by vijay on stage, will he definitely enter into politics .
sa chandrasekar answered “it doesn't seem so, for me” .
we asked aiadmk regarding this .
there is no second opinion that the death of subhasri is unfortunate .
but why did vijay have to wait until the audio launch of bigil to air his views about that incident without speaking about it immediately .
vijay's fan once fell from the top and died while erecting a cutout for his film .
even that video was released .
“vijay should have asked his fans to stop erecting cutout for his films by then,” they said furiously .
for the past few days, a video has been circulating on whatsapp warning people to be 'careful with dogs' .
that video asks children to inform their parents if they have been bitten or scratched by a dog .
it also shows a video portraying a boy with more than 90 percent damage caused by the rabies virus, as he had not informed his parents about being bitten by a dog .
the video shows the boy barking like a dog as he is being treated in a hospital .
we asked veterinarian anandapadmanaban if the whatsapp video showing the person affected by rabies behaving like a dog is accurate .
when a dog infected with the rabies virus bites a person, it is true that the rabies virus will affect the person bitten .
but rabies is not spread by being scratched by a dog's nail .
if the rabid dog's saliva touches the scratched area, it may cause spreading of the disease .
when the saliva touches the wound or injury in the subject's body, it will cause the disease to spread .
so as a precautionary measure, it is best for dog owners to receive an injection of the rabies vaccine .
we veterinarians also receive the rabies vaccine injection once a year, as we need to treat dogs .
freshly picked turmeric contains vitamin c .
turmeric has the property to control blood pressure and the heartbeat as it contains potassium .
turmeric contains minerals such as manganese, potassium, pron, calcium, zinc, copper and magnesium .
by applying a paste of turmeric powder mixed with salt and lemon extract, wounds, sprain, injuries caused by friction and joint pains will be healed .
a mixture of asafoetida powder and turmeric powder in water, when boiled and inhaled, cures a single side headache .
this contains antibodies and fibres that control bad cholesterol .
turmeric contains many important chemical compounds such as niacin, riboflavin, and pyridoxine .
inhaling the smoke resulting from burning turmeric cures blocked noses .
curcuma turmeric has more aroma than normal turmeric .
it has the property of curing skin diseases .
it is useful in curing pain, infections in the nose, abdominal pain, breaking cysts and mosaic disease .
some young women may be seen with a slight moustache on their upper lips like men .
applying curcuma turmeric powder or paste on the face will help prevent the growth of such hair .
there will be brightness on the face .
'hideous' central coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court .
dressed in a leafy ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12yearold from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's central coast in may 2017 .
he then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her .
shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation .
the man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between august 2016 and april 2017 .
the 12yearold victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife .
when she pleaded stop, stop, stop, he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub .
the man told the girl shhh, don't scream .
don't scream or i'll have to hurt you .
holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour .
after he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school .
the man arrived at work about 930am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues .
with dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment .
the man's sentencing hearing continues on tuesday .
pope warns tech execs to use ai for the common good .
pope francis on friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good .
francis addressed a vatican conference that brought government envoys and facebook and google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists .
a smattering of academics and catholic bishops rounded out participants at the common good in the digital age conference .
the threeday gathering is the latest evidence of the vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence .
the debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the christchurch, new zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage .
in his speech to the conference, francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor .
but he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor .
if technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress, he warned .
if mankind's socalled technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest .
organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the catholic church on high tech issues .
martin odegaard, real madrid loanee, sends fans wild with mindboggling assist .
martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener .
real madrid went top of the la liga table following their 20 win over osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season .
however, despite not losing a single game in la liga this season, manager zinedine zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous preseason and a public rift with welsh star gareth bale .
the pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when real madrid were humiliated by parissaint germain psg in the champions league .
but zinedine zidane and real madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the frenchman's plans and those that aren't .
vinícius junior is one such star for the future for real madrid and is currently with the team .
however, another norwegian youngster martin odegaard, who has been loaned out to real sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mindboggling assist during a la liga match .
playing for real sociedad vs alaves, martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener as real sociedad ran out 30 winners at home .
after picking the ball up on the right, martin odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inchperfect throughball and poke home .
willian jose's second and a third from the impressive oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for imanol's side, before alaves midfielder manu garcia was sent off with five minutes to play .
martin odegaard joined real madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype .
now 20, the norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet .
anna hazare surprised sharad pawar's name figures in maharashtra state cooperative bank scam case .
anna hazare said sharad pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me .
social activist anna hazare has expressed surprise over nationalist congress party or ncp chief sharad pawar's name cropping up in the multicrore maharashtra state cooperative bank scam .
probe agency enforcement directorate or ed has filed a money laundering case against sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar a former deputy chief minister of maharashtra and others in connection with the scam .
an enforcement case information report, equivalent to a police fir, has been registered by the central agency under the prevention of money laundering act .
the case is based on a mumbai police fir which had named former chairmen of the bank, ajit pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender .
when this case came to me, sharad pawar's name was not there anywhere .
how did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know, anna hazare said on thursday when asked about the ed case and sharad pawar's alleged links to the scam .
anna hazare, a sharad pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ed carries out a detailed investigation in the scam .
the ed will come to know how his name figured in the case, said anna hazare, a veteran of many anticorruption agitations .
sharad pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the october 21 assembly polls in maharashtra .
the former union minister has asserted he would not bow before the throne of delhi, apparently referring to the bjpled government at the centre .
the ncp has termed the enforcement directorate case as politically motivated .
south africa man, 20, charged with murder of ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu .
a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of university of kwazulunatal ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the national prosecuting authority npa .
the accused appeared in the msinga magistrate's court on thursday on a charge of murder .
kzn npa spokesperson natasha kara told news24 that the case was postponed to october 2 for the bail application .
she added that the state would oppose the accused's release on bail .
according to kzn police spokesperson colonel thembeka mbele, the 20yearold accused was arrested on monday .
ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week .
it's believed that she worked as a hostess at the msinga driftkhana motorsport event on saturday evening .
in a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended .
on their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed away in hospital, their statement read .
ukzn suspended academic activities on friday, saying the circumstances of ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society .
mylan agrees to pay 30m in epipen settlement .
mylan has agreed to pay 30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a justice department investigation into whether the company overcharged medicaid for the epipen .
the securities and exchange commission said friday that mylan nv classified the epipen as a generic drug under the medicaid drug rebate program .
this led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the epipen had been classified as a branded drug .
mylan had disclosed in july that it had reached an agreementinprinciple with the sec on the matter .
the company said in a statement friday that it neither admits nor denies the sec's allegations .
people in landslide disaster areas are warned to vacate immediately .
a landslide disaster warning has been issued to people living in low lying areas in 'the divisional secretariats in bulathsinhala, palallavitta, maththukkam, akalavaththai in kaluththurai district and the divisional secretariats in elpitiya, niyakama, nakota, imathuva and vaththeekama in kali district and they have been asked to vacate immediately .
similarly people in thodangoda, ingiriya, palinthanuvara, herana divisional secretariats in kaluththurai district and the thehiyovitta divisional secretariat in kekaalai district and kadavathsaththara, neluwa, thawalama divisional secretariats in kali district have been requested to be cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
similarly people in the divisional secretariats of kalawana, ayagama, giriella, eheliyagoda, rathinapuri, kuruwita in rathinapuri district are requested to stay cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
a landslide disaster warning has also been issued to the ettiyanthotttai divisional secretariat in kekaalai district .
in west bengal, steps are being taken to make a statue of goddess durga, using 50 kilograms of gold, for the durga puja festival .
in west bengal, the trinamool congress headed by mamata banerjee is in power .
every year durga puja is celebrated in a grand manner here during october or november .
durga idols are erected in main streets and worshipped .
durga puja celebrations for this year will start on the 4th of next month and will last for 10 days .
in this scenario, the festival committee has planned to erect a 13 foot tall gigantic statue of goddess durga, at santhosh mithra square in kolkata .
commenting on this, the president of the committee said “the durga statue is made using 50 kg of gold .
its total value is 20 crores .
most of the works are completed .
this statue will be kept in the pandal for worship in the next few days .
no one has ever made such an effort .
for this purpose, we have collected donations from business establishments, the public, and private institutions .
after we have dismantled the statue, we will take back the gold in it and use it for the next year .
the president of the south indian rivers linking farmers association ayyakannu has warned that if the tamil nadu government does not take necessary steps to waive agricultural loans, a blockade will be carried out in chennai during the first week of october .
the discussion meeting of the south indian rivers linking farmers association was held yesterday in poolampatti near manapparai .
many farmers from manapparai, vaiyampatti, thuvarankurichi, and the virali hills area participated in this meeting .
during the meeting it was demanded to bring the cauveryvaigai gundaru scheme through vaiyampatti and fill panjapatti lake, ponniyaru dam and kannuthu dams during floods .
further, genetically modified seeds should be banned .
many resolutions including waiving of all crop loans of farmers and immediate provision of crop insurance for the year 201617 were passed .
the farmer’s association president ayyakannu said during his speech at this meeting that tamil nadu has faced the worst drought .
the chief minister edappadi palanisamy should take appropriate steps and waive farm loans .
otherwise a very big demonstration will be held in chennai during the first week of october .
mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons .
a woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children .
sarah barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of tristan barrass, 13, and blake barrass, 14 .
the brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the shiregreen area of sheffield, south yorkshire, at about 730am on 24 may .
postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on friday at sheffield crown court .
the exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known .
barrass appeared in the dock alongside her codefendant, brandon machin, 39, a family member .
flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children .
the pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20minute hearing .
the conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 may .
four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including blake and tristan on 23 may .
the fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 may .
the surviving children are all under the age of 13 .
the judge, jeremy richardson qc, told the pair no words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done .
the crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves .
the murder of two children .
the attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children .
i have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment .
it's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed .
they will be sentenced on 12 november .
the vikram lander cannot be found, nasa has announced .
the vikram lander, which went so close to the moon and lost communication, cannot be found, nasa has announced .
recently the isro launched the chandrayaan2 spacecraft to research the moon's south pole .
it was scheduled to land the vikram lander on the surface of the moon on the early morning of september 7 .
but at a distance of 21 kilometres from the moon, communication between the vikram lander and the isro control room was lost .
following this, in the images sent by the the chandrayaan 2 space shuttle satellite, the vikram lander was found lying on the surface of the moon .
the 14 day lifespan of the vikram lander also ended .
the efforts of the isro scientists to establish communication with it did not yield results until today .
it is considered that due to the vikram lander landing on the moon at a high speed, it might have collided with the surface and that might have caused a malfunction .
subsequently, the vikram lander, weighing 1471 kilograms, might have been damaged when it landed at a speed greater than 200 kilometres per hour .
the isro will be releasing a detailed report on .
what caused the failure of vikram .
meanwhile, america's nasa also tried to find the site where the vikram lander fell .
nasa's satellite has photographed the site where the vikram lander landed .
nasa has announced that the vikram lander cannot be found in the satellite images .
more than 50 thousand antiquities and artifacts have been registered in tamil nadu, the archaeological officer cr gayathri said after participating in a registration of artifacts and awareness camp, she told the reporters .
if there is any object more than 100 years old, drawings, manuscripts more than 75 years old in homes or in companies, they should be registered with the registration officer of the indian archaeological department .
by this, the certificate for that item can be obtained and retained with us .
the awareness camp regarding this was conducted in each town from september 13 to september 28 .
this created awareness about registering antiquities, and other information such as where applications are available .
who will register, where to register are available .
apart from registering the antiquities, they can also be transferred .
they can also be given to others within india .
but they should not be taken abroad .
registering the artifacts with us gives us safety .
it is a matter of pride for us .
so far more than 50,000 antiquities and artifacts have been registered .
and they are continuously being registered .
in this, items including musical instruments, wooden sculptures, toys and stone sculptures more than 100 years old can also be registered, said gayathri .
earlier, this camp was inaugurated by the head of the manuscript department of tanjore tamil university, b jayakumar .
photos of registered ancient archaeological items were displayed in this camp .
they were witnessed by public .
people are being cheated by cheats and liars, the founder of pattali makkal katchi, ramadoss has informed .
he said this while speaking at a public meeting at ranipettai in vellore district .
pmk founder ramadoss was congratulated last night for continuously criticising the government for splitting vellore district into three .
ramadoss participated in that event and delivered a sarcastic speech .
only the pmk has first voiced the problems of the people of vellore district and neither the dmk nor other parties has conducted agitations to the level of the pmk, he said .
he also informed that the dmk is concerned only about capturing the votes of people and about capturing power, not about people .
he further added that people have failed to remember the agitations conducted by the pmk for the problems of the people of vellore instead, they voted for the opposition, believing their lies .
questioning why you people are forgetting the pmk, which is waiting to work for the people, and being cheated by liars, assured the people, will surely get good returns if they follow the pmk .
he further added that he struggles for this tamil community, holding a stick, even if he is unable to walk in his old age, and informed that they don’t have their roots in kodambakkam but they are the agricultural community .
various events are being implemented throughout the district for the national development programme that is a part of the event let's unite for the country that is being implemented today 26th for the fourth day in pathulai district .
various eventrelated programmes in connection with drug eradication, village power, and encouraging women involved in small business ventures took place in pathulai district secretariat that were jointly organised by the pathulai divisional secretary office and district secretariat .
the event of detailing teachers of government schools under drug eradication programme was headed by the psychological advisor of the president's drug eradication division and navy lieutenant anuradha jayasinghe .
during this event he pointed out that the country is facing problems from drug abuse on a massive scale, so teachers have a great responsibility in rescuing the youth community which is supposed to contribute to the country, and that three percent of women are spoilt by drugs .
the president's secretariat undertook the event of detailing those belonging to village power agency in village officer sections within the pathulai divisional secretariat .
apart from commencing in village officer sections in ilukthenne, hinnarangkoda in pathulai district under village power programme, today this programme has been successfully implemented in 9 village officers sections .
under this, farmers have been given chicks and agricultural implements, and steps have been taken to start a centre to sell farm products .
with an aim to encourage and improve the efficiency and thinking of women entrepreneurs carrying out small business ventures, a training session arranged by pathulai divisional secretariat was also held with contributions from the ministry of social promotion of primary handicraft, women and childr affairs, and ministry of drought zone development .
the aim of this is to provide knowledge about how to overcome problems and obstacles and how to be successful while undertaking business activities .
as a part the national development programme let's unite for the country, such programmes are conducted throughout pathulai district .
the programme includes activities such as providing primary knowledge regarding business ventures, like starting a business, methods to establish contacts with management and financial institutions while conducting business and also providing them the necessary support for conducting business successfully .
women members from women associations conducting small business ventures took part in this event in large numbers .
boris johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman jennifer arcuri .
the independent office for police conduct will now assess whether the prime minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of london .
the greater london authority gla said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a conduct matter against the prime minister over allegations ms arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him .
a conduct matter exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed, it said .
it does not mean that this is proved in any way .
the iopc will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated .
the issue has been referred to the iopc, which deals with complaints against police forces in england and wales .
it was referred to the watchdog because mr johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner .
mr johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with ms arcuri .
earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the london assembly to provide details of his links with ms arcuri, although he insisted they were barking up the wrong tree .
it follows a report by the sunday times that ms arcuri, an american who moved to london seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by mr johnson while he was mayor .
the government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to ms arcuri's company, hacker house, pending a review .
it is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money .
digital minister matt warman told the commons that his department had done the usual due diligence and that the company had a british phone number .
however, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in california, where ms arcuri, 34, is said to now be based .
pm's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff' .
the move by the gla to refer the prime minister to the independent office for police conduct has met with anger from no 10 .
a senior government source said it was a politically motivated attack and that the timing on the eve of the conservative party conference was overtly political .
no evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the pm given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a friday night, the source said .
the public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political putup job .
earlier today, the standard was told mr johnson's close friendship with the californian entrepreneur helped by london's tourism and promotions agency was an open secret among its staff .
former officials at the agency, london partners lp, recalled how ms arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by mr johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as not credible by some at the time .
third man charged with drug counts in mac miller's death .
los angeles ap a third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper mac miller's overdose death last year .
court documents show stephen walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that miller possessed before he died last september of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the us .
walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, cameron pettit, sold to miller .
court documents unsealed tuesday say pettit kept getting drugs from walter through august .
ryan reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in lake havasu city, arizona, is accused of serving as walter's runner who delivered the pills to pettit .
none of the men have been directly charged with miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases .
walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release .
prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported thursday by celebrity website tmz, are asking that walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk .
a phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned .
pettit was charged in federal court on sept 4, and his attorney has declined to comment .
miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hiphop .
the pittsburgh native whose real name was malcolm james myers mccormick was also in a twoyear relationship with singer ariana grande that ended earlier in 2018 .
after his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her instagram page and released a song, thank u next, that lovingly mentioned him .
miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse .
matthew roberts, guitarist for the band 3 doors down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system .
this story has been corrected to show that walter's first name is spelled stephen, not steven .
the chief minister of uttarakhand has informed that those affected by dengue can take 650 grams of paracetamol and you don’t have to take it seriously .
this irresponsible speech of the chief minister has caused a stir in the state .
more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue and are undergoing treatment in uttarakhand so far .
opposition parties including congress are accusing the government of not taking necessary precautionary measures .
in this context, the chief minister of uttarakhand has said that the impact of dengue has been low due to the precautionary measures taken by the government and visited those undergoing treatment in the hospital and enquired about their health .
not stopping with the enquiry about their health, the suggestion given by him has caused stir .
he has told that instead of 500 g of paracetamol, if you take 650 g of paracetamol and rest the dengue will just fly away .
his speech comes at a time when the health officials are advising against self medication for dengue and opt for proper treatment .
the same chief minister has said a few months ago that if you breathe the gas let out by cows, your breathing problem will be cured .
9 year old nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games .
the 9yearold is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called scratch 2 .
scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline .
so far, basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games .
today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide .
the player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place .
i learned how to build games at a boot camp .
now, i build to keep me busy when i am bored, basil told cnn .
in march, his father signed him up for a fiveday boot camp for children aged 5 to 15 .
the camp, organized by codefest international, was put in place to give children like basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality .
growing up, basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, basil okpara sr .
i bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because i saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with .
he played candy crush and temple run a lot, the father told cnn .
but basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing .
there was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that i got upset with him, his father said .
out of annoyance, i said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?' .
i was angry when i said it, and i did not know he took it seriously, he added .
since then, basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games .
basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about .
one of his games, 'mosquito mash' is available on google play store .
africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent .
two nigerian 12yearolds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores .
in may, team acrobot, a ghanaian allgirls high school team won the 2019 robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes .
and with africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like google and microsoft, basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars .
former north carolina gop chair to plead guilty for lying in bribery probe .
a former north carolina gop chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed friday .
the federal court docket shows that robin hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next wednesday .
a factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by hayes' attorney said that hayes knew he was making false statements to fbi agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018 .
the actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to .
he was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements .
prosecutors have accused hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment .
the executive, greg lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state insurance commissioner mike causey .
lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than 5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016 .
he favored republican causes and politicians, but also gave to democrats .
his attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment friday .
a defense attorney for hayes, kearns davis, didn't respond to an email friday seeking further comment .
the court documents filed friday state that hayes lied to fbi agents in august 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with causey about staff at the state department of insurance .
but hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document .
prosecutors have said that hayes also helped lindberg request a meeting with causey and that hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator .
an indictment unsealed in april alleges that lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to 2 million for causey's 2020 reelection campaign .
the scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a lindberg company, according to the indictment .
causey, a republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case .
he faces no charges .
the indictment states that an associate of lindberg's directed hayes to transfer 250,000 to causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included lindberg and causey .
hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment .
whatever you all want to do, we'll do, hayes said, according to the indictment .
alright, i'll get er done .
a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement .
facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing .
some facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a worldfirst trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing .
instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on instagram which started in july in australia .
the new facebook trial, which begins on friday, will also kick off in australia .
facebook australia's director of policy mia garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison .
we've had really positive feedback from a lot of the antibullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with, garlick said .
it really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions .
it's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said .
garlick assured businesses who rely on facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed .
she said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like instagram's trial has in australia, canada, brazil, new zealand, japan, italy and ireland .
as with instagram, which is owned by facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent .
we have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience on instagram, but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage, she said .
on being the world's training ground garlick said australia has very active techsavvy users of facebook and instagram .
we think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not .
every man is grateful to his parents for raising him .
the sacrifice of parents in raising their children cannot be measured .
as per the shastras, just as helping them during their lifetime is needed, they should continue to be grateful even after their death .
for this they have created rites for their dead ancestors .
these are called many names, such as tharpanam, ancestral duties and ancestral rites .
since this needs to be done with due diligence carefully without forgetting with sense of gratitude on the ritual date of the month in which they were dead, this is also called chirartham .
this is mentioned in thiruvalluvar's thirukkural as by dutiful house holders aid, god, manes, kin, self and guests are served .
the kin mentioned here refers to dead ancestors .
since the world of the ancestors is in the south, their world is referred to as the southern world .
though there are many days earmarked for offering rituals, it essential to offer rituals at least on the new moon day every month .
a few people offer their rituals only in the tamil months of thai and aadi .
in case you have not offered anything to the dead ancestors so far, it is very auspicious to start it on mahalaya new moon day .
it is believed that all our ancestors visit our earth together then .
sesame, water, replicas of our body, rice, bananas and meals are used for offerings .
the shastras say that these will be eaten by the angels and they will hand them over to our ancestors .
it is believed that the ancestors who visit the earth to see their children return back to their world on that day .
having a bath on the banks of theerthas on that, and sending them off by worshipping them will keep the family wealthy and will help the offsprings to survive for generations .
who is nancy pelosi, the person to set the deadline for american president trump? .
this is the second time that nancy pelosi has been selected as speaker of the united states house of representatives .
she holds many honours, including being the only member to be sworn in as speaker for a second term and the only female member to hold the highest position in the american constitution .
nancy pelosi is an unknown face to a world which is only familiar with the first ladies of the white house, such as eleanor roosevelt, hillary clinton, michelle obama and melania trump .
pelosi opposed america's policy in iraq .
she was the pioneer in guiding the health care scheme of former president barack obama .
between united nations meetings, indian prime minister narendra modi met iranian president hassan rouhani and had discussions .
this meeting gains importance in the wake of iran's conflict with america .
through this meeting, a clear message has been sent that india will not make any compromise in its independent external policy under the pressure of other countries including america .
the prime minister's office had tweeted regarding the meeting between the two leaders .
the spokesperson for the external affairs ministry raveesh kumar informed that the two leaders discussed mutual cooperation and regional conditions .
prime minister modi had gone on a trip to the iranian capital tehran during may 2016 with a view of strengthening the relationship with iran and extending india's ties with western asia .
during that trip, india and iran signed almost a dozen agreements, among which the development of chabahar port is an important agreement .
then india, iran and afghanistan signed a tripartite agreement for the transportation of goods through the port .
rouhani visited india in february 2018 .
he became the first iranian president to visit india in a decade .
during his visit several agreements were made between the two countries .
in the last few days, prime minister modi and american president donald trump had met twice .
the tension between america and iran has been on the rise since the america's sanctions on iran .
america has imposed sanctions on iran regarding its nuclear programme .
due to the america's sanctions, india has also stopped importing petroleum products from iran .
iran is the third biggest supplier of oil after iraq and saudi arabia .
though india has compromised on that issue, india had not made a compromise in meeting with the iranian president .
sri lanka airlines gives concessions to armed forces .
the united national airline sri lanka airlines has made arrangements for armed forces going on foreign trips to carry items weighing five kilograms free of cost as per the request of military commander lieutenant general savendra silva, while he was the chief of staff .
the regional manager of sri lanka airlines mr jayantha abesinghe, regional manager for sri lanka and india mr deepal ballegangoda, mand state travel manager and business executive mr saamara heitiarachi met the ilitary commander lieutenant general savendra silva at the military headquarters yesterday morning 26th .
during this meeting the airlines officials discussed matters about the concessions with the military commander .
this concession will be given to the military personnel while travelling during private holidays, trainings, conferences and workshops .
lieutenant general savendra silva made this request to sri lanka airlines in august 2019 considering the military soldiers need to carry essential parts and needs with them, apart from the free 30 kg of personal items they are allowed to carry, while they travel to foreign countries for training studies .
accordingly sri lanka airlines has made arrangements to allow all armed forces going to thailand, malaysia, singapore, china, india, pakistan and other south asian countries to carry 5 kg of free items from july 30 2019 .
during this meeting, the military commander expressed his heartfelt thanks for the cooperation of sri lanka airlines .
later the concession agreement documents were handed over to the military commander by the officials of the airlines .
why can't we provide a separate reservation for government schools in government medical colleges, madras high court has asked the government of tamil nadu .
since 207 seats allotted for nonresident indians in private medical colleges in tamil nadu are vacant, they were handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran has filed a case in high court of madras seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer vp raman who appeared on behalf of the indian medical council said in his argument, after three phases of counselling, if there is any vacancy of the seats allotted for nonresident indians, a list will be sent in the ratio of 10 students per seat to the concerned college .
the college has to fill that list based on appropriate rules .
but it is not known it was filled based on that list .
the additional general solicitor arvinth pandiyan in his argument said that only the list regarding the vacant seats will be sent to the concerned college .
the vacant seats have to be filled only based on merit .
but how the colleges fill them is not clear .
the supreme court also has not passed any orders regarding this .
so this court should issue appropriate orders regarding filling seats allotted for nonresident indians .
the lawyer velmurugan who appeared on behalf of the petitioner said that all the 207 seats that were vacant were sold to students with low marks for high rates .
the justices who intervened at that time said why do people select private schools when it comes to schooling but select government colleges when it comes to medical courses? why can't there be a special reservation for government school students in medical colleges? is it enough to send the vacancy list alone? don’t you need to check how they are filled? .
government doctors here receive a lower salary than teachers, even less than my assistant .
we consider this as an injustice rendered to the doctors .
we order to include the 10 private colleges in tamil nadu as defendants in this case .
they ordered these colleges to submit details regarding the list of students admitted in the seats allotted for nonresident indians and the marks scored by them before 15th october .
brother jailed for life for pakistan social media star qandeel baloch's honour killing .
qandeel baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in july 2016 .
the brother of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch was on friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highestprofile honour killing .
baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies tame by western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic pakistan was strangled in july 2016 .
her brother muhammad waseem was arrested .
days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that of course he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been intolerable .
his lawyer, sardar mehmood, told afp the court in the eastern city of multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a longawaited verdict .
inshallah god willing, he will be acquitted by a high court, he said .
earlier, baloch's mother anwar mai told afp she had hoped her son would be acquitted .
he is innocent .
she was my daughter and he is my son, she said .
baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of socalled honour killings, in which a victim usually a woman is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes .
women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or in baloch's case bringing shame on their family by celebrating their sexuality .
the killings are usually carried out by a close relative .
under pakistan's qisas blood money and diyat retribution law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives .
three months after baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings .
however, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned .
in baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution .
but, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven .
international revulsion at the killing had seen the pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead .
some of baloch's betterknown actions included offering to perform a striptease for the pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on valentine's day .
she attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a kim kardashianlike figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment .
the roots of honour killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across south asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too .
we have gradually lost underground water .
only now have we started realising the importance of palm trees .
so a palm seed festival is now becoming popular throughout tamil nadu among social activists and young people .
an organisation named prabakaran revolutionary seed movement in annavasal, pudukkottai has been working actively since 2015 .
many youths in the pudukkottai, trichy, salem, and thanjavur districts in tamil nadu are members of this organisation .
all of them are graduates serving in various jobs .
however, kindled by their concern for the motherland, these youths are actively involved in various activities such as tree planting, conserving water bodies, and preserving and restoring old historical sites .
during cyclone gaja relief works, they went in search of palm seeds, collecting and planting them in various parts of tamil nadu and donating them to the poor .
the youths coordinating the prabakaran revolutionary seeds movement are familiar to me .
mr edison, one of the organisers, spoke to me about their activities .
a west bengal elephant dies miserably! .
animal welfare activists who spoke about this said “this track was converted into a broadgauge track in 2004 .
since then more trains are operating on this track .
since the number of trains has increased, the number of elephant deaths has also increased .
this area has been an elephant corridor .
we brought to the attention of railway officials that operating trains at high speed causes the death of elephants caught in accidents .
after that, it was ordered to operate trains slowly in this area .
so the number of accidents also came down .
now trains are operating at high speeds again in this area .
we are requesting the construction of railways elsewhere .
the railway authorities of north east railway who spoke about this said “the train route passes through forest .
it has been ordered to operate trains slowly while crossing this area .
the order to operate slowly throughout 24 hours is in force .
studies are being undertaken in the forest area .
discussions are also in place to reduce the speed of the trains” .
a committee comprising 3 members has also been formed to investigate trains operating in that area .
the accident spot is in 45 angle .
the train driver sustained injuries and he is under treatment .
maternity assistance to be given to pregnant ladies in tamil nadu has been stopped and has not been given for the past year, say social activists .
the dr muthulakshmi reddy maternity benefit scheme was started by the department of health on behalf of health and family welfare for the benefit of poor pregnant women .
after registering their names within 12 weeks of becoming pregnant, in the maternity benefit scheme, after providing details including aadhar card and bank account number to the village and city nurses and receiving a picme number, rs 4,000 is credited in the bank account .
subsequently, before the end of the 4th month rs 4000 is provided as the 2nd instalment .
rs 4000 is given as the 3rd instalment after delivering the child in a government hospital, at end of pregnancy and during vaccination the 4th instalment of rs 4000 and rs 2000 at the end of 9 months for the child totalling rs 18000 is given as financial aid .
similarly in order to improve the physical ability of the women during pregnancy, a nutrition kit consisting of iron tonic, dry dates, protein biscuits, ghee, albendazole tablets and khadi towels is provided .
this scheme was implemented to enable pregnant ladies to deliver healthy children and take care of them properly .
this scheme was very effective for middle class and poor pregnant ladies .
for more than one year, the maternity assistance given to pregnant ladies has not been provided properly and has been stopped .
when speaking about this social activists say “the financial assistance of rs 18 thousand that has been given by the public health and family welfare department has not been given for over 13 months .
this affects the maternal and child healthcare during pregnancy .
this has created a situation of taking loans to maintain the child .
with only the nutrition kit given, the allowance has not been credited in the bank account so far .
on enquiring the officials of health department about this they said that the central government has not granted the amount for the first instalment .
after the central government pays rs 2 thousand as the first instalment, the remaining assistance of rs 16 thousand will be credited step by step .
but whether the tamil nadu government has properly registered the applications of the pregnant ladies who have applied for maternity assistance itself is a question mark, they informed .
hence, the government should take immediate steps to give the pregnancy assistance which has been pending for more than one year .
sathyapratha sahu holds discussions with district election officers .
yesterday chief election commissioner sathyapratha sahu held discussions through video conferencing with the officers in charge of conducting elections in vikravandi and nanguneri assembly constituencies where the byelections are scheduled .
this discussion took place in the video conferencing arena of the tamil nadu election commission in the secretariat .
in the vikravandi constituency, district election officer and collector mr l subramanian and other election officials took part in the discussion .
the officials conducting elections in nanguneri constituency participated on its behalf .
during this discussion with the officials conducting elections, the chief election commissioner enquired about various aspects including the number of electronic voting machines in stock, sensitive booths, the need for the central police force, additional police security, and vehicle checks .
higher officials including additional chief election commissioner rajaraman and joint chief election commissioner jacob attended this meeting .
this discussion about byelections was followed by a discussion with all district collectors and the chennai municipal commissioner regarding the voter list verification process .
during the discussion sahu informed that so far 934 lakh voters have uploaded their details through the website .
he urged the collectors to involve women's selfhelp groups in the voter list verification process and to advertise this scheme, making more voters involved in this process .
later the chief election commissioner of tamil nadu spoke to the news reporters yesterday .
during the interview, he said .
we are releasing the details regarding the candidates filing their nominations for contesting in the vikravandi and nanguneri byelections on the election commission's website .
we are removing the advertisements that violate the code of conduct for elections .
so far 215 posters wall posters have been removed .
8 cases were filed in connection with this .
so far we have not seized any objects or money for travelling without documents .
the madras high court has passed a few orders regarding banners and posters .
it already has its own rules, laws and court orders .
the district election officials will enforce them strictly .
general observers will come only after the filing of nominations is over .
in vikravandi constituency alone we have formed 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer committee and are at work .
outside vikravandi constituency, there are 30 flying squads, 30 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout villupuram district .
in nanguneri constituency alone 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committee, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer committee are at work .
outside nanguneri constituency, there are 27 flying squads, 27 monitoring committees, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout tirunelveli district .
due to rain in the sathuragiri hills, pilgrims were denied permission to trek for 30 minutes .
for the past few days, pilgrims were allowed to trek to the sathuragiri sundaramahalingam temple for the mahalaya new moon day .
with pilgrims trekking on the hills yesterday morning at 600 am after the forest department check, at around 1130 am clouds gathered and there was a possibility of raini .
so the pilgrims, who were worshipping, came down immediately .
as it started raining at 200 pm, the pilgrims were temporarily stopped from trekking to the hill .
due to the rain which lasted for about 30 minutes, there was less water flow along the hill's waterways .
with the pilgrims being allowed to trek again after the rain stopped, around 800 pilgrims returned back after worshipping .
with the number of pilgrims increasing as it is mahalaya new moon day today, the forest department has announced that the pilgrims will be stopped in case of rain and will be allowed again after the rain stops .
the president of sri lankan private bus association kemunu vijeratne has informed that based on the needs of passengers, important streets were identified and accordingly buses are pressed into service .
he also said that 3,200 buses have been pressed into service for the convenience of passengers .
the sri lankan transport board has announced that the buses have been pressed into service considering the transport needs of the people going to native places during the weekend .
the sri lankan transport board has further announced that sufficient numbers of buses have been pressed into service considering the convenience of the passengers travelling to their native places today .
these measures were taken jointly by the traffic commission, the private bus owners association and the sri lankan transport board .
the secretary of transport and civil flight services ministry lb jayampathi has informed that travelling in buses belonging to sri lankan transport board using railway season tickets is allowed from yesterday onwards .
while speaking about this, the president of the traffic commission janakamalli marachi informed that permission has been granted to carry on local bus services irrespective of the time schedule .
in the meantime, the railway department has informed that it was able to add 12 trains to the service up to today afternoon, in spite of the strike by railway employees .
lawlessness double displaced from nw nigeria to 40,000 unhcr .
worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the united nations said on friday .
the un's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a new humanitarian emergency that would require a fresh interagency fundraising effort of 355 million by the end of the year .
unhcr spokesman babar baloch said boko haram, the islamist group that has waged a decadelong insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks .
rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in sokoto, zamfara and katsina states in nigeria was the work of organized armed groups .
it paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity, he told journalists on friday .
he said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property .
military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region .
but the military is stretched from fights against boko haram and islamic state's west africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016 .
the refugees are not coming with names of groups, he said .
what they are coming with are horrific accounts .
those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring niger .
in a statement, the unhcr said it expected more to flee to niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in sokoto state, deteriorates .
new trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids .
a new trial date has been scheduled for a guatemala man accused of killing an iowa woman and her two children .
polk county district court records say 31yearold marvin escobarorellana is charged with three counts of firstdegree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police marvin esquivellopez .
he's pleaded not guilty .
police say he fatally shot 29yearold rossibeth floresrodriguez, her 11yearold daughter and 5yearold son on july 16 in a des moines home .
court records show the new trial date of jan 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare .
us immigration and customs enforcement officials have said escobarorellana is in the united states illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting .
he was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the us .
boris johnson faces cabinet revolt to lower brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with brussels the sun .
with just three weeks to go until a showdown eu leaders' summit, fears are growing around the pm's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions .
boris johnson is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu .
negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the irish backstop, with brussels branding mr johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as unworkable .
senior ministers expect eu power brokers led by germany's angela merkel to offer the embattled tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop .
the sun has spoken to three different cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the tories annual conference in manchester next week .
they will demand he abandons the aggressive strategy devised by senior aide dominic cummings to try to bluff the eu with the threat of no deal, and insist he accepts the eu's last minute offer .
one cabinet minister dubbed the crushing supreme court verdict to end parliament's suspension on tuesday as a wakeup call, adding a deal is the only way we can leave on october 31 now .
we're never going to beat the numbers in the commons, and they are against us .
the pm has to lean in now and take what he can get .
being aggressive doesn't work, the cummings plan has clearly failed .
we just can't fight battles on so many fronts .
a second cabinet minister has vowed to tell mr johnson to try to push through expm theresa may's deal if all else fails .
that senior minister added i will tell boris to put theresa's deal back to the commons if i have to .
the numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this .
it's all over for boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend .
sir john major accused boris of not taking the negotiation seriously .
in a withering speech, the former tory premier said the prime minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with europe .
but we don't see him sitting down in brussels, hammering out an agreement .
instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in scotland inspecting eggs in wales and arguing with the public in high streets for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing .
the pm's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying no one should be under any illusion there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal .
but the spokesman also said the benn act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was actively undermining our negotiating position in brussels .
he said there is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the prime minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation .
brexit secretary stephen barclay goes back to brussels today for more talks with the eu's michel barnier .
they will discuss a paper on how an allireland zone on food and livestock would work .
ministers rb udhayakumar and benjamin conducted a review meeting for officials from all departments regarding flood prevention precautionary measures in view of the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
this review meeting was held in the meeting hall in the kanchipuram district collector office .
additional chief secretary for revenue and disaster management department and revenue administration commissioner sathyagopal, additional chief secretary and disaster management department official athulya mishra, kanchipuram district superintendent santhosh k mishra, and district collector ponnaiah took part in this meeting .
the minister of the revenue department rb udhayakumar said in his speech .
in kanchipuram district 50 zonal committees have been formed in view of the northeast monsoon .
to monitor the functioning of these committees 19 subcollectors, 33 technical officers and, to coordinate the above teams, supervising officials at the rank of district revenue officer have been appointed .
in kanchipuram district 515 areas have been identified as being prone to flood damage, based on the areas affected during the 201518 heavy rains .
among them, 149 are classified as the most affected areas, 166 as moderately affected areas and 116 as least affected areas .
for the people living in these areas, 3666 persons including 1153 women are appointed as primary care takers .
these primary care takers are provided enough training and advice regarding the measures to be taken during monsoon season .
also details about 374 snake charmers, 132 swimmers and 166 red cross volunteers have been collected .
the details of 108 primary care takers have also been collected to protect the animals in the affected areas .
the people above will immediately go to the floodaffected areas and take part in rescue measures .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department .
to provide shelter to floodaffected people, 3 multi purpose care centres, 20 storm shelters, 352 temporary shelters and 90 livestock shelters are kept ready .
as a precautionary measure against the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district, through the public works department, rural development department, municipality administration and town panchayat department, adequate equipment is kept in stock to prevent flood damage in addition, sand bags numbering 1 lakh 47 thousand and 10, 1 lakh and 7300 casuarina logs, 313 jcbs, 256 water pumping motors, 29 fibre boats, 175 electric saws, 54 electric cutters and other equipment are kept ready .
upon the suggestion given by the chief minister of tamil nadu, adequate arrangements are being made to store rain water during 2019 the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
and we will prevent the flood damages completely .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department, he said .
many people including district party secretaries chitlapakkam s sridhar, kanchipuram subcollector of saravanan, kanchipuram municipal commissioner mahendran, and district mineral resources department assistant director r perumal raja participated in this programme .
not ready to carry out any scheme that harms the principles and policies of the freedom party .
the president today 29 said that the sri lanka freedom party is not ready to carry out any programme that puts the future of the party members into question, harming the principles and purpose of sri lanka freedom party, during the kurunakal district conference of the sri lanka freedom party .
the president who spoke further said that though the sri lanka freedom party has met many setbacks in history, the party has not faced decline due to the people friendly activities of the party .
the president said that it is unacceptable if anybody comments that the freedom party is weak and in the coming elections, any candidate who wants to win in the presidential elections and become the president needs the cooperation of the sri lanka freedom party, and it is the sri lanka freedom party that is in a position to determine the future president .
the president informed that as per the prevailing constituency, instead of selecting a weak president in the future, the goal of the sri lanka freedom party is to capture the parliament in 2020 by building a powerful government .
the president said that he is planning to reach that goal through a coalition government instead of competing alone, and also informed that to guide the country which was destroyed by corrupt politicians towards a new path, the goal of the new government is to build a society that is free of bribery, corruption and dominated by democracy and freedom and a country that does not bow to foreign powers .
the president who informed that the conflict within the new government is not a personal issue between him and the prime minister but a conflict between corruption and bribery, that can also be described as a conflict between fraudulent new government policy and the peoplefriendly politics of sri lanka freedom party's bandaranaike .
the president who said that he took steps to remove the prime minister from that post and to appoint mahinda rajapakse and that it is not his problem that they are unable to act on the matters under their responsibility, also informed that mahinda rajapakse acting as opposition leader today and the members of podujana peramuna sitting in parliament is based on the letter given by the secretary of the united people's freedom alliance to the speaker .
the president said that the sri lanka freedom party which is not subjected to dirty political accusation will retain the identity, dignity and adoring in the future and will serve the country and the people with dedication .
the kurunakal district conference which was conducted as a part of nationwide district conference series was held today with the grand participation of a majority of party members at hettipola general market complex today 29th .
many senior members of the party including the senior vice president of the sri lanka freedom party nimal siripala de silva, general secretary dhayasiri jeyasekara, general secretary of the united people's freedom alliance mahinda amaraveera, national coordinator dhumintha dissanayake, lasantha azhakiyavanna and upper north state governor pesala jayaratne took part in this event .
lorraine kelly i was told i'd never make it in tv with a glasgow accent .
lorraine kelly revealed that tv bosses told her she would never make it as a presenter because of her glaswegian accent .
looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, kelly, 59, recalled how she felt very nervous ahead of her first appearance on screen .
i was only 25 and very nervous, she said .
i had been working as a researcher at bbc scotland and been told by the big boss that i would never make it in tv because of my glasgow accent .
i went down to london to meet all of the tvam team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the glasgow office .
i will never forget, anne diamond and mike morris were interviewing the icon that is bette davis that morning .
i couldn't believe that i was in the same room as a living legend .
i knew this was where i wanted to be .
kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in east kilbride, scotland before becoming a scottish correspondent for tvam in 1984 .
she went on to host shows including gmtv, itv breakfast and daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme lorraine .
she will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews .
the presenter said that passion and enthusiasm and curiosity were the secret to longevity in tv, adding you have to put in the work .
you have to be honest and authentic .
do your homework and be both interested and interesting .
looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, kelly revealed that reporting on the dunblane massacre was very tough .
i had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher .
one of the mums, pam ross, whose fiveyearold daughter joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house .
it was all under the radar, i went to joanna's funeral and pam and i have been friends ever since .
she added that interviewing kate and gerry mccann shortly after their daughter madeleine went missing in 2007 was extremely hard and said that she really admired their strength and courage .
they have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online .
my heart goes out to them .
lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on monday, september 30 from 830am on itv .
some officials have taken steps to include a few trains in service amidst a strike by railway union .
2 trains were operating towards colombo fort from silabam and mahava, early this morning .
2 trains were operating till colombo fort from galle .
zimbabwe chiwenga feared trapping .
vicepresident constantino chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president robert mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military takeover in november 2017, a senior government official has claimed .
as reported by the zimbabwe independent last week, mugabe offered chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup .
however, a senior government official said on social media chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the african union au that indeed he had been toppled in a coup .
in a twitter thread which confirmed zimbabwe's 37yearruler was willing to hand over power to chiwenga and not president emmerson mnangagwa, jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the office of the president and cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue .
government officials said mugabe approached chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands .
intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official .
the official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson george charamba, central intelligence organisation then acting boss aaron nhepera and roman catholic bishop cleric fidelis mukonori .
former reserve bank of zimbabwe governor gideon gono was another strand after he was sent by mugabe on a oneman mission with the offer of the presidency to chiwenga who was the zimbabwe defence forces zdf commander .
the man, who in death more than in life has been described as an african icon, tried in vain to get the au to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other african leaders .
offer of presidency to then cdf commander defence forces chiwenga by the late mugabe was not by choice .
it was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fastpaced wearing down a part of the late's family, the official jamwanda wrote .
but there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically .
recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the au position on coups .
the late mugabe hoped the then cdf chiwenga would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order .
the hope for the late mugabe was that the au, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence .
that was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made .
officials said mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him .
they said mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a gadaffistyle lynching .
military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his blue roof residence .
and at that instant mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power, the official said .
the then cdf and commanders correctly read the calculation .
the emissary gono of that desperate message was told through a powerful metaphor that isu tiri vemakwapamakwapa we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military we are not politicians or in political competition, the senior government official said .
government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple mugabe, but to deal with criminals around him .
mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure mnangagwa back from short exile in south africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession .
apart from negotiating with the army, mugabe also sought help from the region .
the south africans, who were key to the process not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president jacob zuma was the sadc chairperson refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, south african troops would have arrived in harare in no time .
that did not work because putin and african leaders did not prefer that route, a source told the independent .
tablet pcs will be given to all students pursuing higher education in national schools for all students, education minister akila viraj kariyawasam has informed .
the minister made this announcement yesterday during a meeting with reporters at the education ministry .
it has been decided to give tablets to teachers teaching higher education in national schools .
to facilitate this scheme steps have been taken to purchase one lakh tablets .
in its second phase, higher education students and teachers in other schools will also be given tablets .
the education minister also added that this practice has been a great change after the introduction of free education in the country .
china needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says .
china needs the strong, unified leadership of the communist party or the country will crumble, the government said in a policy paper released on friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's republic .
china's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership .
china is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen .
without a unified and strong leadership force, china will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world, it said .
chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on prodemocracy protests in beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability .
strongarm president xi jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's secondbiggest economy on tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012 .
xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region .
china does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not hegemony, the policy paper said .
the chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world .
in modern times, china has been bullied by the great powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused china will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples .
china is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the united states and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as antigovernment protests in the chinese territory of hong kong .
china will never trade away its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said .
the threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems, it said, in reference to its trade disputes with washington .
china is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum .
it will never be weakened by trade wars, the paper added .
china is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world .
the united states should look rationally at china's development, as china has no intention of challenging the united states and does not want to replace the united states, it added .
the united states cannot control china, and it is even more unlikely to stop china's development .
curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the united states strong .
on the first day of dengue, there are common symptoms such as feeling cold, fever, headache and body pain .
the fever becomes severe in the following two days .
there is unbearable pain at the back of the eye and severe body pain that makes it difficult for the sufferer to get up .
as with a fracture, the sufferer is completely paralysed .
the face itself mirrors the effects of dengue .
the face is swollen .
the appearance of red spots on the body is an important symptom of dengue .
it is essential to undergo blood tests like dengue igm and dengue igg .
the blood platelet count of a healthy person should be about 3 lakhs .
if a person is affected by dengue the platelet count may decrease below 20,000 .
therefore a test to determine the blood platelet count of should also be done .
there is no exclusive treatment for dengue fever only the symptoms are treatable .
so it is better to prevent dengue .
navaratri fasting is set to start from today .
fasting for one of the hindus' important festivals, navaratri, is set to start from today .
navaratri is to be observed from the coming 7th onwards .
those who are fasting for all nine days should fast and pray and only then should they eat, and they should also not lie on beds but instead should lie on mats .
on a day if there is star hastham with prime thithi, that day is considered as very auspicious .
it is considered that lord devi gives everything to those who worship her on that day .
on the first three days, one should worship goddess parasakthi requesting bravery and courage .
for the next days, goddess mahalakshmi should be worshipped for those wanting wealth .
on the last three days, lord kalaimagal should be worshipped requesting education, knowledge and artistic knowledge .
on those days, women whose husbands are still alive will be invited home, and they will be considered as goddess parasakthi and will be made to sit near the toy display and given turmeric, kumkum, coins and other offerings .
oil baths are not allowed during the navaratri period .
also stitching is not permitted .
if purattasi saturday fasting coincides on these days, bathing without oil can be taken and fasting can be continued .
oil lighting and worshipping can also be continued .
those who want to undertake navaratri fasting properly should not eat during the day during the first eight days, at night after performing pooja they can eat milk, fruits and snacks, undertake navami upavasa, and on the tenth day of vijayadasami they have to recite prayers before 830 in the morning .
those who are unable to follow this can eat once during the first eight days, and can consume milk and fruits alone on the last day .
there is no other fasting that is as simple and effective as navaratri fasting, says purana .
navaratri fasting is the one that gives everything needed by a man such as wealth, food, long lasting happiness, longevity, health, heaven and salvation .
those who don’t have children will be blessed with children .
if someone is poor in their studies, on observing this fast they will achieve excellence .
those who are unable to worship for the entire nine days can pray to goddess durga on ashtami and sleep throughout the night, goddess durga will safeguard them throughout their lives .
similarly, worshipping the things that we use regularly and books of children, after performing pooja and using them on the next day invokes special blessings .
navaratri worship is something that is carried out for praying to saraswathi, lakshmi and durga, the goddesses of education, wealth and bravery that a man needs in life .
after xi xinping was elected as the president of china for the second time, the communist government further strengthens its grip on muslims .
that is, people thinking of themselves as muslims should live in the country only under the identity of chinese .
they should identify as chinese in all aspects, starting from food habits .
muslims were given a 5year deadline for changing .
the xinping's ambassadors are meeting islamic leaders to explain the government's position and to request their cooperation .
the intention of the chinese government is that uyghur people should lose their real identity and join the national mainstream .
meanwhile, the un human rights commission made a shocking accusation against china, last tuesday .
it accused the chinese government of taking hearts, kidneys, livers and skin from people detained in camps .
china rejected this accusation and said “it is true that the body parts of convicted criminals were cut .
but we stopped that in 2015 the accusation from the un human rights commission is baseless” .
spice girls' mel c bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle .
spice girl melanie chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years .
sporty spice spent years undereating and obsessively exercising while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder .
now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, scarlet and that she doesn't ever allow people to speak about diets in our house .
scarlet's 10 years old now and i'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks, said mel .
but i think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that i'm very conscious of how i speak around her .
that positive language it's habit now .
speaking to women's health magazine, mel, who shot to fame as part of the spice girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that disgusting comments about her in the press led to her body issues .
i started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that i was underweight, she said .
i was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years .
trial of exathlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury .
jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an exuniversity of delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults .
jurors began deliberating the fate of 23yearold clay conaway on friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments .
a 21yearold woman says conaway raped her after she drove to his house in june 2018 .
the encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself .
she is among six women whom conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018 .
prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to conway forcing himself on her .
defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate .
to reduce the risks of disasters in chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram districts, studies are to be conducted with the technical assistance of the british embassy, revenue minister rb udhayakumar said .
studies will be conducted on behalf of the british embassy regarding reducing the risk of disasters in tamil nadu .
a forum for the officials of the concerned department was held in chennai yesterday .
the revenue minister rb udhyakumar participated and inaugurated the forum .
in the past, disaster management in tamil nadu has relied on relief works .
recently there has been a change in the approach to disaster management to include various elements such as evaluation of disaster risk, risk communication, disaster precaution, mitigation and immediate effective emergency relief measures .
based on this a tamil nadu disaster management vision plan has been released .
the tamil nadu government is implementing various disaster mitigation programmes to achieve the goals mentioned in this visionary scheme that is being developed according to the sendai framework .
furthermore, a government order has been released to carry on a field study to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation, under the technical cooperation entered between the indian government and the british high commission .
based on that, studies were planned to be undertaken to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation in cities with rapidly shrinking natural habitats and large coastal and urban populations such as chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram, jointly with the technical assistance of the british high commission .
if disaster risk reduction plans are devised based on this study, the number of lives lost during disasters will come down and damage to infrastructure will also be reduced .
thus the minister rb udhayakumar spoke .
prime minister modi visits chennai on the 30th .
the central security officers made an inspection as prime minister modi is scheduled to participate in the guindy iit convocation event .
the 56th convocation event of chennai iit is to be held on the coming 30th .
prime minister modi is the guest of honour at this event and he awards degrees to the students .
the prime minister arrives in a private jet from delhi and later goes to chennai iit in a helicopter .
the helipad at the chennai iit premises has been repaired for this .
intense security arrangements are being made for the prime minister's visit .
meanwhile, the personal security officers of the prime minister arrived in chennai yesterday and conducted an inspection .
they inspected the iit premises, auditorium, and the prime minister's resting hall .
the central intelligence wing warned 3 days ago that terrorists have targeted a few vips including the prime minister in the wake of the kashmir issue .
in such a sensitive situation, additional care has been taken for the prime minister's security .
the delhi officials also held discussions with the police of the tamil nadu security division regarding the security measures .
narendra modi visits chennai for the first time after being sworn in as prime minister for the second time .
so the tamil nadu bharatiya janata party cadres have planned to give him a grand reception .
but they may be banned for security reasons, it is said .
furthermore, the governor, as per the usual norms, along with the chief minister, important bjp executives and very few officials were planned to be allowed to welcome the prime minister .
after delivering his special address, prime minister modi will reach chennai airport in a helicopter and will go to delhi in a private jet .
people from the cinema industry have held discussions with minister kadambur raju in the secretariat regarding the sale of cinema tickets online .
the 2nd consultation meeting between the government, cinema producers and theatre owners regarding the sale of cinema tickets online in tamil nadu was held in the chief secretariat yesterday morning .
this meeting was presided by the tamil nadu minister for information and publicity, kadambur raju .
during his speech kadambur raju said “this project cannot be completed tomorrow .
it will be properly planned and implemented after hearing everyone's views” .
after the meeting actor sv sekar said .
this meeting was held on the subject of having a computerised ticketing facility in all theatres .
so that it will be possible to monitor the sales of all tickets through a single server .
hence, there will be transparency in the cinema industry .
the central government has passed a law mandating online ticket sales .
online ticket sales have been accepted by everyone in the industry .
using such practices, money in the cinema industry will be accounted for .
the fees and tax will obviously be visible .
and in case the government permits theatre owners to convert one theatre into four, multiple films will be released on the same premises .
while speaking to reporters, producer rajan said that the government of tamil nadu is committed to bringing this scheme in order to develop the cinema industry and for the welfare of the public .
the government is going to implement this scheme properly .
everyone should cooperate on this .
at the meeting it was insisted that the government should pass an order to convert theatres with a thousand seats to 4 theatres with 250 seats .
due to various processes including technical facilities needing to be updated, it is not possible to implement online ticket sales in tamil nadu before diwali, he said .
many including additional chief secretary niranjan mardi, chennai metropolitan development authority member karthikeyan, chief secretary of the department of housing and urban development department rajesh lakhoni, tamil nadu egovernance agency secretary santhosh mishra, chief secretary of the revenue department k balachandran, secretary for the tamil development and information department mahesan kasirajan, director of the news and public relations department p shankar, director for the department of urban development chandrasekar sakamuri, additional commissioner for land administration maheswari and tamil cinema producers and theatre owners participated in this meeting .
a lecher who sexually abused his sisterinlaw for four years at gunpoint was arrested .
a sisterinlaw should be considered as a mother .
but a lecher in gurugram near delhi has considered her a wife .
this incident took place in the bajghera area of gurugram .
this woman got married 9 years ago .
she was a mother of 2 children .
her husband's cousin's brother's house is also located near their house .
the women's husbands used to go to work in the morning and return in the evening .
the lecher made it a habit to sneak into the house in this gap .
at one stage he sexually abused the women pointing the gun he had .
he threatened to kill her husband and children if she brought up the matter .
in this situation, the women's husbands came to know about this matter .
shocked, he called the police control room and informed them .
subsequently, the police rushed to the area and arrested the lecher .
the police have filed a case under sections 376 and 506 of indian penal code .
in her statement to the police, the woman has said that because of the threat to kill her children, she did not bring up the matter .
video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted .
surrounded by the opera house, circular quay, luna park and of course the iconic harbour bridge, sydney harbour is the major contributor to the 219 billion sydney tourism pumps into australia's economy each year .
but beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth .
sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 olympicsize swimming pools of pollutants each year .
this horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest .
according to a new video, titled sydney harbour above and below, the waters around australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals all coming into the harbour from stormwater runoff .
but the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic .
i would call it a paradox, dr katherine dafforn, deputy director of the sydney harbour research program said in the video, which was released to coincide with world tourism day on september 27 .
it does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline .
the csiro estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains .
after we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour it's quite tragic, dr dafforn said .
two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater runoff .
but like an iceberg, the problem on sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean .
unless you spend time under the water, i don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there, richard nicholls, owner of dive centre manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year .
i think if more people knew what was under the water they would just be horrified .
overwhelmingly over half of everything we find is plastic bags .
the other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic .
when you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface .
jeremy brown, cofounder and managing director of the ocean protect, said there were ways people both locals and visitors alike could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways .
it has to start at the source, he said .
we have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans .
if we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean .
it absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source .
but we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple .
if we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves .
the video, which was funded by recycling company tomra as part of their broader efforts to educate australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month .
a new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the singleuse plastic waste problem .
the study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans .
many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to ecoanxiety .
archaeologists have found inscriptions of pandyas from the 13th century ad in the pond steps at kovanur near sivaganga .
the head of the ramanathapuram institute of archaeology v rajaguru and archaeologists kollangudi poet kalirasa and ramanathapuram m vimalraj undertook a field study at kovanur region in sivaganga district .
during that, 6 ancient inscriptions were found in the steps of the pond in kovanur .
after reading them all, inscription analyst vrajaguru said .
there are steps in the eastern shore of the pond at the entrance of kovanur and a feeding canal in the north .
in those steps of the pond ancient inscriptions containing a variety of information are seen as 6 pieces .
also, in another inscription a song of maravarman sundarapandiyan who ruled from ad 1216 to ad 1244 with madurai as capital, starting as “poomaruviya thirumatanthayum puvimadanthayaum” is present in 9 lines .
in this, details including the burning of tanjore and uraiyur and the demolition of the palace and hall were recorded .
these inscriptions contain details about thinaikkala nayagam, who manages the tax accounts of the government and the names of other government officials uzhakkudi muthan, veerapanjan, munayaththarayan, azhagana vaanavan, vizhayarayan and vandharayan are also inscribed .
the names of villages like mizhalai kootrathu naduvit kutru, keezh kutru, madhurothaya valanadu, keeranaur nadu, kaagnaiyirukkai and nallur, mizhalai kootrathu thachanur, pullurkkudi, madhurothaya valanattu purappatru and kaagnaiyirukkai uzhakkudi are also mentioned in these inscriptions .
symbols are used in these inscriptions to indicate the land extent of veli and iruma .
letters with long sounds are mostly not seen in the inscriptions .
a word neekki, neekki is seen as long sounding in one inscription and in another inscription is seen as short sounding as nikki, nikki .
apart from this, ancient black and red pottery tiles are found in abundance in this area .
the election for president is held in afghanistan today .
polling is held amidst heavy security .
the five year term of afghanistan's current president ashraf ghani ends this month .
so the presidential election is held today .
polling commenced in all the booths this morning .
right from the morning the public has waited in long queues and voted .
since there were violent attacks in several places during election campaign, additional security has been provided in the polling booths .
the spokesperson for the election commission said that polling has been peaceful throughout the country and it is happy to see that voters are interested in voting .
since many irregularities were reported during the elections held in 2014, it was decided to complete the elections before 20th april this year .
but the election was postponed successive times with the new voter census and the security situation cited as reasons .
presidential elections will be held in two rounds in afghanistan .
if none of the candidates wins a majority in the first round, there will be a contest between the top two candidates .
it should be noted that 18 candidates including the current president ashraf ghani independent and chief administrator abdulla abdulla afghanistan national alliance are in fray for the post of president .
ghana kaneshie traders support accra psychiatric hospital .
members of the kaneshie market association, yesterday donated food items worth gh¢ 30,000 to the accra psychiatric hospital, at a short ceremony in accra .
it forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the kaneshie markets complex .
the donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others .
the group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit .
in attendance was some management staff of the accra markets limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers .
presenting the items, madam mercy naa afrowa needjan, president of the greater accra regional market women association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility .
she noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society .
madam needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture .
receiving the items, dr pinnaman appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients .
she appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital .
thousands of devotees who gathered in rameswaram today for mahalaya new moon day offered alms to their ancestors .
the devotees, who took holy baths and offered alms in rameswaram, will offer alms to the ancestors every month on new moon day after fasting .
particularly the new moon day during the tamil months thai, aadi and purattasi are considered auspicious .
accordingly, today on the day of the mahalaya new moon, many people offered alms today to their ancestors at water bodies and at temples .
on account of mahalaya new moon day, thousands of devotees started thronging the kasi of south rameswaram, by train, bus and car right from yesterday .
today being new moon day, right from early morning, lots of devotees gathered at agni theertha in rameswaram and took a holy bath .
then they offered alms to their ancestors at the beach and worshipped .
after taking holy baths in the 22 theerthas, devotees worshipped ramanatha swami and parvathavarthini amman .
devotees waited in long queues to enter the temple .
everywhere in rameswaram there were crowds of devotees .
arrangements including drinking water facilities and bathroom facilities were made on behalf of the municipality for the devotees .
more than 500 police headed by the dsp of rameswaram mahesh took care of security .
similarly many devotees took holy baths on sethu beach near mandapam and offered alms to their ancestors .
the resignation decision of 17 ruling party mlas in karnataka has caused a storm .
the former speaker ramesh has passed an order disqualifying them .
this turmoil has caused the congress's janata dal secular rule to come to an end .
the rule ended as they failed to prove their majority, and ediyurappa of bjp became the chief minister .
rameshkumar has further ordered that the disqualified mlas cannot contest in elections during the current assembly's tenure .
opposing this order the 17 mlas went to the supreme court .
meanwhile, the election commission has released a notification that byelections will be held only for 15 constituencies in karnataka on october 15 .
former minister mr kannan has started a new party called the people's progressive movement in pondicherry .
today the former minister mr kannan has convened a meeting of his supporters at kamban auditorium in othiyan salai, pondicherry .
former minister mr kannan announced the launching of new party called makkal munnetra congress at that meeting .
this will bring about positive change in the state .
this will give the rights needed by the people .
it will strive for good governance in the state, he said .
the launching of his party coinciding with the byelections in kamarajarnagar constituency has caused a stir .
he served as the leader of puducherry youth congress, health minister in the farooq ministry and a speaker when vaithilingam served as the chief minister .
later he left congress and joined tamil maanila congress headed by moopanar .
he was also the home minister in the dmk–tmk alliance .
later he also left that and started his own party and again joined congress .
from that he joined anna dmk .
then he also left that and was in the sidelines .
now he has launched a new party .
tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer .
tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers .
medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves .
researchers found the same process happens in tasmanian devils and humans .
the discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients .
what do tasmanian devils and humans have in common? .
cancer cells that can turn invisible .
researchers, including from melbourne's peter maccallum cancer centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy .
it may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered tasmanian devil .
the study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as prc2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer .
this can be a major challenge in treating smallcell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as merkel cell .
'the huge significance from this project is that in patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead peter mac researcher mark dawson told aap .
existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as mhc, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells .
'potentially, this has farreaching implications for people with lung cancer,' prof dawson said .
'it's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe .
and we may be able to treat this in a far better way .
researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way .
'remarkably, exactly the same process happens in human and tasmanian devil cancers,' prof dawson said .
'thus far it's been very difficult to treat the tasmanian devil tumours .
but if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease' .
the building research organisation has advised the public to be cautious regarding landslide disasters .
the national building research organisation has warned the people to work cautiously regarding landslides that may be caused following severe rainfall .
this organisation has insisted the people in bulathsinhala, palallavida, maththukkama, agalawaththa, elpitiya, niyaakama, naagoda, imathuva and vaththekama regions to be cautious regarding landslides .
the organisation has advised people to be cautious about cracks on land, land caving in, unstable electric posts and trees, and also cracks on walls .
if such symptoms are seen, the national building research organisation has advised people to vacate those areas .
scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star .
scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 lightyears away from earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large jupiterlike planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf .
an artistic impression of the gas giant planet gj 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on september 26, 2019 .
stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them .
but in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on thursday .
the star, called gj 3512, is about 12 the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of jupiter, our solar system's largest planet .
yes, an absolute surprise, said astrophysicist juan carlos morales of the institute of space studies of catalonia at the institute of space sciences in spain, who led the research published in the journal science .
the discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that lowmass stars typically host small planets, similar to earth or small neptunes .
in this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to jupiter around a very small star, morales added .
the planet, which like jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the calar alto observatory in spain .
it travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days .
red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures .
gj 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35 bigger than jupiter .
they emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 degrees kelvin 6,380 degrees fahrenheit3,527 celsius approximately .
this is why they have a reddish color, morales said .
there is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the jupiterlike planet, morales said .
planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit .
under the leading model for planetary formation, called the core accretion model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas .
a competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system .
in this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold, morales said .
this makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear .
these clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet .
the order of the government of tripura banning the sacrifice of goats and hens in tripura has created a big stir .
the state government itself has declared in the court that the promise it was given during its merger with india in 1949 is being violated .
tripura which was ruled for by 184 rulers in 1355 years signed a pact with india expressing its willingness to merge with india .
the then queen of tripura, kanchan prava devi and the governor general of india signed this agreement .
the main feature of this agreement is that the financial assistance given by the government of tripura for 14 temples including the famous tripurasundari temple will continue .
sacrificing goats is a practice in the tripurasundari temple .
the government is also providing financial assistance for this .
the main condition of the merger agreement is that this should not be changed .
opposing this, one mr subash batterji filed a public litigation case in the tripura high court mentioning that sacrificing goats and hens with the financial assistance of the government hurts the feelings of the hindus .
the divisional bench magistrates sanjay karol and arindam lodh banned the sacrifice of goats and hens in places of religious worship .
the court also ordered the government not to provide financial assistance for these sacrifices .
the court has also served notice to the chief secretary of the state, all district magistrates and the police superintendents inviting their answers regarding this matter .
the court has also ordered that goats and hens could only be donated to the temples but should not be sacrificed all the temples should be monitored by installing cctv cameras .
now, the state government is to appeal in the supreme court against this ruling of the tripura high court .
the state government has informed that it will appeal in the supreme court pointing out that the tripura high court has rejected their argument that the promise made during their merger with india in 1949 should not be violated .
unemployed youth can apply for assistance .
young people who are unemployed after finishing their studies can apply for assistance, the collector of chennai district has informed .
the news release was given by the district collector sitalakshmi the tamil nadu governments assistance for unemployed young people is provided through the employment and career guidance center .
those who have completed qualifications like tenth standard fail, tenth standard pass, plus 2, diploma and degree and are waiting for more than five years without employment after registering in the employment office have to approach the district employment and professional guidance centre in santhome, chennai for financial assistance .
qualification for the applicants the applying applicants should have registered within 5 years and should be in live registers .
should be under 40 years of age, scheduled caste and scheduled tribes should be under 45 years of age .
the applicants should not be employed in private companies and should not be selfemployed .
deli worker accused of giving methlaced bean dip to coworker .
marion county sheriff's office cassandra medinahernandez, 38, is accused of giving methlaced bean dip to a coworker .
on thursday, 38yearold cassandra ani medinahernandez, of albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both class b felonies .
the charges stemmed from an incident that happened sept 9 at a thriftway grocery store in jefferson .
a 27yearold coworker of the suspect told marion county sheriff's deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw medinahernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by oregonlivecom .
the victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it, according to the affidavit .
when the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady .
she went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the albany democratherald .
police said that another thriftway employee said medinahernandez told her about placing drugs inside the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to the smoking gun .
oregonlive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows medinahernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down .
she then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish .
the item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said .
sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the oregon statesmanjournal .
medinahernandez is being held in the marion county jail in lieu of 520,000 bail .
her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to the smoking gun .
johnson hits back in prorogation row .
boris johnson's trip to the un general assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic supreme court ruling .
but his blistering commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse .
in the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are rté's europe editor in brussels, tony connelly, and london correspondent sean whelan in westminster .
candidates will win, dr anbumani ramadoss said .
the meeting of three forces convened by vanur assembly constituency pattali makkal katchi was held in a private marriage hall in pattanur, near vanur .
the party's state president gk mani presided over the meeting .
the president of the party's youth wing and mp dr anbumani ramadoss participated in the meeting and delivered the keynote speech .
during his speech he said .
anna dmk candidates will win by huge margins in the coming byelections for nanguneri and vikravandi assembly constituencies .
the government of tamil nadu should hold local body elections immediately .
this has been the demand of the people of tamil nadu .
central government should give up the hydrocarbon project in tamil nadu .
otherwise the pmk will hold protests .
also the government of tamil nadu should declare the cauvery delta region as a protected agricultural zone .
thus dr anbumani ramadoss spoke .
authorities investigating deadly crash in angeles national forest, body found cbs los angeles .
police were investigating a deadly crash in the angeles national forest thursday afternoon .
according to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the angeles forest highway and big tujunga canyon road .
initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time .
it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found .
due to low pressure prevailing at sea level in the southwest of the country, rainfall may increase moderately in eastern and central districts today .
the weather report released today morning by the meteorological department says that frequent rains or rainfall with thunder may occur in central and eastern districts and in ambanthottai and polanaruvai districts .
at a few places in these areas rainfall of more than 100 mm may be recorded .
in the other parts of the country rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in the evening or during the night .
in some places 50mm to 75 mm rainfall may be recorded .
the report has informed that there may be moderate rain in the morning in yazhpanam, mullaitivu and mannar districts .
people are advised to take necessary precautions to reduce the effects that may be caused by lightning strikes and heavy winds .
everybody's talking about jamie how to audition for the role of jamie new in the west end .
the west end's next big star could be out there right now and they don't even know it .
producers of everybody's talking about jamie are on the lookout for the next jamie new, and holding open auditions .
layton williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's uk tour, and the search is on for an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer to take over his role .
london auditions will take place on october 10 at the apollo theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song don't even know it, bringing a cv and headshot with .
there will be another audition on october 8 in sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week .
producer nica burns said thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the apollo .
we have found some fantastic young performers to join layton williams and shane richie on tour .
in the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new jamie .
williams, who started playing jamie new in february after original john mccrea, took to twitter to encourage all boys to send in their tapes .
the west end show has extended its run to august 29 2020, with the tour taking off in february .
the musical follows 16 year old jamie new, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress .
he may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star .
with the help of his mum and a local drag legend, loco chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight .
with music by dan gillespie sells and a book and lyrics by tom macrae, the show is inspired by bbc documentary, jamie drag queen at 16 .
vikram lander cannot be found, the american space research centre nasa has informed .
the indian space research organisation isro planned and launched a space craft mission chandrayaan2 to reach the southern polar region of the moon, which has not been explored by any country in the world so far .
chandrayaan2 vikram lander was expected to land slowly on the southern polar region of the moon on the 7th .
but the vikram lander lost communication when it was 21 kilometres from the landing site, which was a rude shock .
subsequently it was discovered that vikram lander made a hard landing, instead of the soft landing on four legs .
the images sent by chandrayaan2 orbiter confirmed that .
subsequently isro and the american space research organization nasa tried to restore communication with vikram lander again .
but the effort did not succeed .
with 14 days having passed, its life was over on the 20th .
meanwhile, nasa's satellite has photographed the site of vikram lander's hard landing .
however, nasa has informed that vikram lander could not be found .
the place of vikram lander cannot be seen in the images from the satellite .
nasa has said in its report that it may be hidden in the shadows .
in the best urbanisation programme held in bangalore, chennai municipality has been granted the award for giving the best service to people .
in the best urbanisation programme conducted on the past 25th jointly by the central housing and urban ministry and the smart cities council india, the sensory park constructed by the chennai municipality has been given the best award under the section for providing the best service to the public .
the host of this event, smart cities council, operates with its headquarters in washington and branches in europe, australia, new zealand and india .
this sensory park has been constructed at an estimate of 137 crores for the benefit of children with sensory processing issues, according to the world general design guidelines of chennai smart city project on 4th trust link road, teynampet zone of chennai municipality .
the special feature of this park is the sign boards that differently abled children can touch and feel .
this park has play equipment, a sensory notice board, wheelchairs for differently abled and specially abled children, an 8shaped infinite pathway with a foot healing floor, plants with fragrances, tactile sculptures and entertainment features .
this park has been very useful in capacity building, training and balancing the body condition of children with growth deficiencies .
this park has been constructed under the smart cities project fund and brought to use in december 2018, and has attracted various school children, children with growth deficiencies and the general public .
this park has various programmes for children such as awareness week for mentally disabled children and reading old stories .
on behalf of chennai municipality, deputy commissioner works m govinda rao received the award in a programme conducted on the 25th of last month in bangalore .
it should be noted that this park has been awarded the “best personality award” during the independence day event celebrated on august 15 last month .
raj cherubal chief executive officer of chennai smart city and executive engineer park pv srinivasan participated in this programme .
alfa laval wins sek 110 million natural gas order .
alfa laval a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the us the order has a value of approximately sek 110 million and is booked in the welded heat exchangers unit of the energy division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020 .
the order comprises alfa laval niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams ethane, propane and butane .
safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment .
our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry, says susanne pahlén åklundh, president of the energy division .
did you know that ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles? .
about alfa laval .
alfa laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling .
the company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes .
the solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol .
alfa laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications .
alfa laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena .
alfa laval is listed on nasdaq omx, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about sek 407 billion approx 40 billion euros .
the company has about 17 200 employees .
theni medical college's principal has informed that he is receiving threats following his complaint about impersonation in neet exams .
udit surya of chennai and his father dr venkatesan have been arrested for impersonation in neet exams and have been detained in madurai central jail .
when they were enquired by cbcid police, it was come to be known that a few more people joined in medical colleges by indulging in impersonation .
based on their information the cbcid police investigated 3 students from chennai .
during this enquiry, it was confirmed that those 3 students indulged in impersonation .
they were arrested by cbcid police .
the police were investigating them and their parents filing cases under sections of impersonation, preparing duplicate documents and conspiracy .
the police have sent notice to all neet coaching centres in tamil nadu .
the notice has asked them to send the list of students who passed the exam after studying in their centres .
also the police have sent a letter to the national testing agency in uttar pradesh to provide the list of students who applied from tamil nadu .
the medical college principal rajendran has made a complaint at kanavilakku police station seeking action against two professors velmurugan and thiruvenkadam working in theni medical college for helping student udit surya and for making changes in the attendance register .
he has also remarked in his complaint that he is receiving threats regarding the neet exam impersonation issue and requested security as he is receiving telephone threats .
royal family secrets surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the royal plane reveal .
as part of their royal duty, the royal family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime .
this is usually made easier by the royal plane a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances .
unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks .
aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the royal family can invite onboard any guests they wish including some unlikely passengers .
according to a recently premiered channel 5 documentary, the queen and prince phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the royal plane .
during the programme 'secrets of the royal flight', a former navigator of the queen's flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family .
bob shields said occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs .
it's no surprise that the queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for corgis .
from a young age queen elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned monarch .
in 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named monty, emma, linnet, willow and holly .
they were joined by five cocker spaniels bisto, oxo, flash, spick and span, and an additional four dachshundcorgi crossbreeds cider, berry vulcan and candy .
staff on board the royal plane certainly had their hands full .
the household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued shields .
i am delighted to say we never had one accident .
the programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the queen has been known to travel with while on duty .
according to the shows narrator for her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 the queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes .
to put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants .
however, the queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion .
reportedly the duchess of cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses .
former alabama congressman jack edwards dies at 91 .
retired 10term us rep jack edwards of alabama, who was in the first wave of deep south republicans, died friday .
his family said through a spokesman that edwards died at his home in fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
edwards was first elected to the us house in 1965 as part of the first wave of alabama republicans elected to congress as the party gained traction in the deep south .
he served 10 terms in congress .
in a statement released by his family, they said edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren .
my hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems, edwards said according to the family statement .
alabama gov kay ivey said edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity .
the governor said flags at the alabama capitol will be placed at halfstaff in his honor .
he was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for alabama .
our state has lost one of our finest, ivey said in a statement .
devotees donated 73 lakhs 24 thousand 501 rupees through charity boxes in ramanathaswamy temple in rameswaram .
after august 21, the temple employees opened the boxes in front of the shrines of ramanatha swamy, parvathavarthini amman and pancha moorthi and collected the donations .
then they counted the offerings in the temple marriage hall in the presence of the temple's joint commissioner kalyani .
many temple staff including the assistant divisional engineer mayilvaganan, manager murugesan, and superintendents balasubramani peshkars of kakkar annadurai, kalamanathan, kalaiselvan and kannan counted the offerings .
the devotees offered 73 lakh 24 thousand and 501 rupees in cash, 34 grams of gold and 1 kilo 495 grams of silver .
these offerings were deposited in the government bank on the order of the joint commissioner .
michelle obama calls meghan markle 'an inspiration' in adoring instagram .
michelle obama gave high praise to meghan markle in a sweet instagram on thursday, calling the duchess of sussex a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it .
the duchess and prince harry, now on a 10day royal tour of south africa with their baby son archie harrison mountbattenwindsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met obama foundation leaders .
thank you to my friend, her royal highness the duchess of sussex sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it, the former first lady wrote in her glowing post .
whether meeting with our obamafoundation leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many, obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling meghan posing with foundation leaders .
meghan interviewed obama for the september issue of british vogue, which the former suits actress guestedited .
in their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her .
being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go, obama said in the interview .
motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be .
not who i want them to be or who i wish i was at that age, but who they are, deep inside .
obama, who knows firsthand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with good housekeeping .
the pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot, she said .
so my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything .
i spent the first few months in the white house mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before i launched into any more ambitious work .
i think it's okay it's good, even to do that .
the 141st birth anniversary of thanthai periyar was celebrated on 1792019 from 6 pm to 8 pm at hunton in the state of virginia in america .
a photo of periyar was garlanded and it was held as a discussion on the topic “feminism respected by periyar” .
party general secretary doctor durai .
chandrasekaran presided and coordinated the event .
many thoughts were shared on the topic of women's rights .
we can see the women's rights that periyar wanted to see prevailing here .
even here the same situation of women being unable to become president prevails .
periyar is the leader who needs to be praised universally .
not the half in indian parliament .
what does the refusal to one third reservation to women show? .
thoughts about women's rights, education, employment opportunities, and periyar's contribution in caste abolition were proudly remembered .
engineer punniyaraj, mary, aruna, preethi, rasheetha, sophia, joel, kalaiselvi, ezhilvadivan and arivuponni shared their thoughts .
it was special that this programme gave the chance to remember periyar with gratitude, even though all are countries and continents apart, accepting periyar universally .
ruby manoharan has been announced as the dmkcongress alliance candidate for the nanguneri constituency for elections to be held in tamil nadu .
meanwhile, today the member for kanyakumari parliamentary constituency hvasanthakumar flew to tuticorin to commence his campaigning in nanguneri assembly constituency areas .
subsequently he met the reporters at the airport and said “many dmkcongress workers expressed their willingness to contest the nanguneri constituency .
a few had even said they would contest as independent candidates .
they would have said that out of interest .
however noone would contest as an independent candidate .
everyone will work together .
the central government cannot implement any kind of scheme under the sagarmala project in kanyakumari district .
environment and natural resources in a very small district like kanyakumari have to be protected .
so the construction of a new harbour in the sea in kanyakumari is not practically possible” .
trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint .
washington ap the washington alcoholic beverage control board has dismissed a request to review whether the local trump international hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character .
the agency ruled wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the district .
the washington post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a district law that says license applicants must be of good character .
the initial complaint filed last summer says president donald trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception .
it was killed because the license had already been granted .
the second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal .
as the 207 seats reserved in private medical colleges in tamil nadu for nonresident indians remain vacant, they are handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran filed a case in the madras high court seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came again for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer representing the medical council of india said “after three phases of counseling, if there are any vacancies, a list will be sent at the ratio of 10 students per seat .
but it is not clear if the seats were filled as per that list” .
furthermore, the tamil nadu government requested “the hon'ble court to pass suitable orders regarding filling of seats reserved for nonresident indians” .
the lawyer representing the petitioner alleges that “all the 207 seats were sold for a high amount to those who scored low marks” .
scandalhit cleveland police force branded the worst in britain in damning report the sun .
a scandalhit police force has been branded britain's worst by inspectors .
cleveland police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley says cleveland police force has seen 'significant deterioration' .
the force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded .
the report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley said there has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection .
chief constable mike veale quit in january after less than a year while facing an investigation into serious but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour .
assistant chief constable adrian roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct .
last year det insp simon hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex .
he quit the force .
tees valley's tory mayor ben houchen said this is official validation that the force is broken .
it's now time for the home office to intervene .
chief constable richard lewis said improvements have been made and i take full responsibility for driving through change .
nancy pelosi william barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course .
you never know where we're going next .
now, i think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate, pelosi said in an interview with cnn on capitol hill .
they will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts, she said .
a white house transcript released this week showed that trump asked ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate former vice president joe biden, a 2020 candidate, and biden's son .
trump also asked zelensky to work with barr and his personal lawyer, rudy giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed .
trump has denied he did anything improper .
cnn reported on thursday that justice department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding trump's conduct involving ukraine more than a week before the formal referral .
after receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the doj determined that trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation .
asked if barr should testify, pelosi said friday the intelligence committee will decide who to call as witnesses .
but she added that she believes barr has gone rogue .
he has for a long time now .
since barr was mentioned in all of this, pelosi said, referring to trump's mention of his attorney general on the july call with ukraine's leader .
it's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled .
pelosi said she's very worried about the whistleblower's sources, whom trump attacked on thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently .
i think what the president said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous .
our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding revealing wrongdoing in our government, pelosi said, adding, for the president to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government .
on tuesday, pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain .
the phone call was included in a complaint publicly released thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged trump abused his powers to solicit interference from ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election .
the whistleblower also alleged that white house lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for cabinetlevel officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information .
christian benteke crystal palace striker faces driving ban for speeding .
premier league star christian benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months .
the crystal palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the a3 in richmond, south west london, on january 20 .
the belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in putney, south west london, in march .
benteke, of kingston hill, surrey, is not required to be present at lavender hill magistrates' court this morning .
he pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of july under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone .
ghana kofi manu concerned over structure of vetting committee .
mr kofi manu, a football administrator and an official of sekondi hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the vetting committee for the upcoming ghana football association gfa elections .
he questioned the inclusion of the committee's chairman, mr frank davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion .
mr manu in an interview with the gna sport said, he had doubts the chairman of the committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process .
the vetting committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before .
for instance, mr davies was contracted by the nc as a lawyer to write to osei kwaku palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment .
he is also a known olympics supporter .
for these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest, he argued .
mr manu said there would be conflict of interest on the chairman's part if mr fred pappoe, a director of olympics appear before the committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards mr palmer if he appeared before the committee .
members of the committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on october 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the gfa secretariat in accra on thursday september 19 .
the chairman of the committee is mr frank davies with corporate governance consultant and legal practitioner, mrs marian barnor and mr emmanuel darkwah as members .
other members are mr reginald laryea, marketing and business executive and mr richard akpokavie, a sports administrator and legal practitioner .
with roopa gurunath selected as the president of the tamil nadu cricket association, it was said that the son of a former dmk minister had also tried for that post .
as per the recommendations made by the lodha committee, several reforms were being made in the indian cricket board and in state cricket associations .
the lodha committee recommends that a person cannot hold a post more than twice continuously and those above 70 years can also hold posts .
accordingly the incumbents in the tamil nadu cricket association were unable to continue .
and new people had to be selected .
there were reports that the son of former dmk minister ashok sigamani made moves to capture the post of tamil nadu cricket association president but that effort was stalled by seenivasan of india cements .
so ashok sigamani opted for the post of vice president, with no other option .
he runs a childcare hospital in kk nagar, chennai and is the younger son of ponmudi .
ashok sigamani has been an avid cricket fan since his school days .
at one stage he even tried to enter into the indian cricket team .
it is said that it is due to the efforts of india cements' seenivasan, the president and members of tamil nadu cricket association were selected without elections .
it was said that ponmudi's son ashok sigamani would have given seenivasan's daughter roopa a tough fight, in case elections were held .
he was silent only upon the peace pact from seenivasan's side letting ashok sigamani hold the post of vice president of the tamil nadu cricket association .
a case has been filed to hand over the tamil inscription images from the mysore inscription department to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
27 the madurai bench of the madras high court passed an order directing the central archaeology department to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols taken from inscriptions in tamil nadu .
the petition filed by manimaran of madurai the inscription department in mysore is controlled by the central archaeology department .
ancient inscriptions and historical documents in india are being preserved there .
the image documents including the tamil inscriptions here serve as a source to scientifically confirm the history of the tamils .
further, the tamil inscriptions have been copied through ink copy and documented there .
in this context, when the office of the department of inscription of mysore was shifted from the old building to the new building, the inscription images of most of the ancient tamil inscriptions were damaged .
the inscriptions there should have been properly maintained, published as books and should have been documented electronically .
but the documents related to tamil nadu that were kept in mysore were not properly protected .
hence, a situation arises where the future generations will not be able to know about the history and traditions of the tamils .
so he has requested to hand over the inscription images from the inscription department of karnataka to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
the case came for hearing before a bench comprising sivagnanam and r dharani .
during the hearing the judges ordered to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols of tamil nadus's inscriptions and adjourned the hearing to october 22 .
tipuric issues rallying call ahead of aussie showdown .
justin tipuric says it is time to perform when wales face a world cup showdown against australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament .
victory for wales against the wallabies would install them as redhot favourites to win pool d and secure a likely quarterfinal appointment with france or argentina .
but if australia beat wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send tipuric and company hurtling towards a lasteight clash against england .
there is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group, wales flanker tipuric said .
there have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them australia .
i think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win .
before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one .
now we are here, it's time to perform, really .
wales have only claimed one victory against australia, new zealand or south africa in world cup history and that was 32 years ago in a thirdplace playoff when they toppled the wallabies .
and their overall record under head coach warren gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights .
wales halted a 13test losing sequence at australia's hands last november, with tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 96 success who run out at tokyo stadium on sunday .
asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, tipuric added it's tough to say .
those games are so tight, there is maybe people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, i don't know .
in the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was .
if wales are to triumph, then tipuric's battle at the breakdown with australia's revered backrow double act michael hooper and david pocock will be crucial .
the 67 timescapped tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming .
they are absolutely worldclass sevens, he said .
when you play against worldclass backrowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game .
those two are consistently up there with the best in the world .
you know what type of game you are going to be in for .
pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively and michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time .
you would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a backrow that isn't as good .
you want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form .
i wouldn't say that sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this world cup .
momentum is an important part of it .
if you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat .
danger of chennai being submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
27 the interim government panel for climate change has warned that coastal cities including kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai face the danger of getting submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
the ipcc, which has done research for united nations climate change, has released the research report .
it has mentioned that at the end of this century the himalayas will melt rapidly and sea levels will rise significantly .
hence there will be a danger of the 4 cities kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai getting submerged in the sea .
at the same time many parts of north india will face very severe water shortages .
sea levels are rising faster than before .
around 14 billion people will be affected due to this in the year 2100 .
due to a rise in water levels up to 50 cm, apart from the 4 coastal cities in india, 45 port cities around the world are in danger of getting submerged in floods .
since this danger is on the rise every year, low lying coastal cities and small islands are in a very dangerous situation .
furthermore, if emergency measures are not taken to reduce global warming, sea temperatures will rise causing marine life to become extinct .
there will not be sea foods universally .
more cyclones are likely to develop .
during the years 1982 to 2016, there has been a twofold increase in sea temperatures .
thus it was mentioned in the research report .
eastenders spoilers ben kisses callum after whitney's bombshell .
the sizzling tension between callum highway tony clay and ben mitchell max bowden is set to explode once more in eastenders as a sudden bombshell from whitney dean shona mcgarty leaves callum thrown and leads him back into the arms of his lover .
but will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment? .
since callum helped to save ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling bobby beale clay milner russell, he and ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with callum recently telling ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side .
tonight, whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left .
it's clearly done her the world of good to get away from walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husbandtobe had cheated on her .
as she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with callum .
but soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling .
as callum reacts badly, jay mitchell jamie borthwick is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the queen vic .
drunk and emotional, callum marches round to ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him .
ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to callum and before long, callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss .
but where will they go from here? .
the couple will attempt a date next week but after ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards .
but after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident callum is determined to fight for what he wants and deserves .
eastenders airs the kiss on friday 27th september at 830pm on bbc one .
'total panic' as white house struggles to find impeachment footing .
white house officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed democratic impeachment push thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of total panic over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality .
there appears to be rising anxiety, unease, and concern as one person close to the white house described the mood in the west wing that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him .
there's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there, this person said .
white house officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply this doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle, the person quipped .
another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the white house as shellshocked, with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become unmanageable .
that concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more impulsive behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry .
that's sparking worries that trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment .
with his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during robert mueller's russia investigation .
he tried to downplay his request for the ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by democrats and presidential contender joe biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives .
but while many in the white house are battletested from the mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said .
for a president whose brand is viewed as strength, wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation .
while trump relished questions on the russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about ukraine, they said .
some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of the controversial call in question between president trump and ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskiy a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility .
and, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense .
but one republican strategist close to the white house points out that the president's base approval ratings are already skyhigh and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters .
there is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment, particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle .
another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be .
worried white house officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team .
with the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war roomstyle effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans .
but there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given democratic impeachment efforts, that person said .
the lack of a longterm strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when secretary of state mike pompeo and treasury secretary steve mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing trump's call with the ukrainian president and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation .
it is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by robert mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments one person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is corey lewandowski, trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter .
but lewandowski told nbc news it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort .
for the last five years, i've done everything i can to support the president and his agenda, he said, but i have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative .
trump's outside lawyer from the mueller investigation, jay sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts .
we will deal with matters as appropriate, sekulow said when reached by nbc news for comment .
the white house currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that emmet flood, who worked on the clinton impeachment and guided the white house through the end of the mueller investigation, has left, with current white house counsel pat cipollone lacking that type of experience .
one source familiar with the white house strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all handsondeck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said .
the meteorological department in its weather report released today morning has predicted rain with thunder in most parts of the country .
there may be rain or rain with thunder in the evening or night in most parts of the country .
a few places in sabaragamuwa, central and uva districts may receive up to 75 mm of rainfall .
areas lying beyond the coast in eastern district may receive moderate rain in the morning .
royal caribbean explorer of the seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed .
the explorer of the seas, part of the royal caribbean international family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer .
following an impressive 110 million £89 million revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family .
this summer the explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across italy and greece, giving passengers a taste of mediterranean europe .
however, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea .
offering something for everyone, the explorer's new 110m or roughly £89,000,000 boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape .
impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema .
however, possibly the most groundbreaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside .
for the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark .
islandstyle hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrillseekers onboard .
appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations .
for the little ones, the kid's adventure ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s .
if that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glowinthedark laser tag at the ship's studio b, which impressively doubles as an iceskating rink .
while sailing the mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard .
updated asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new giovanni's italian kitchen .
other eateries onboard include chops grille american steakhouse, boleros latin bar, schooner bar and johnny rockets express .
with a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from rome in may 2020 .
as royal caribbean's second european ship, it will join allure of the seas which has also recently undergone a jawdropping transformation .
following the allure's 58day makeover, which totalled a whopping 165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus 300 worth of onboard spending money .
according to the cruise operator explorer of the seas is the fourth ship in the voyager class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's royal amplified fleet modernisation effort .
an investment of more than 1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning oneofakind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife .
devin nunes accuses democrats of wanting 'nude pictures of trump' .
congressman devin nunes rcalif apparently can't bare the thought of president donald trump being investigated .
and in his defense of the president on thursday, he accused democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president .
nunes, the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that trump sought ukrainian help in investigating democratic presidential candidate joe biden and his son .
the congressman called the ukraine scandal a grotesque spectacle created by the left and their media assets before claiming the democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff .
democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of trump, nunes said .
people can reasonably ask why the democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance .
after nunes finished his dressingdown, huffpost senior political reporter jennifer bendery decided to find out if democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this .
so far, only connecticut rep jim himes d has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well .
mediaitecom suspects nunes' clothingoptional comments were a reference to some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details that supposedly appear in the controversial steele dossier .
that's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against trump compiled by former british spy christopher steele that mentions the possible existence of a pee tape, which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in golden showers in a moscow hotel room .
there has been a stir as a statement from theni medical college principal rajendran contradicts a statement from student udit surya, who has been arrested for impersonation fraud in neet exams .
dr venkatesan is from tondiarpet in chennai .
he is a doctor in stanley medical college, chennai .
there was a complaint that his son was involved in a neet exam impersonation fraud .
after conducting enquiry in this regard, the cbcid police arrested student udit surya and his father dr venkatesan .
the investigation revealed that udit's father venkatesan paid rs 20 lakhs, made another student write the exam and admitted his son to medical college by means of fraud .
following this udit surya and his father were produced in court and were put in prison .
in this context, the cbcid police investigated theni medical college principal rajendran earlier before investigating udit surya regarding the neet exam impersonation .
there is a difference in his statement to the cbcid police and udit surya's statement .
in his explanation, theni medical college principal rajendran said that the person in the hall ticket was present during admission .
and the student admission was done based on that .
so the same person who wrote the neet exam was present during counselling and admission and udit surya was present only in the college classes, said the principal .
but udit surya has informed in his statement that he was directly present during counselling and student admission .
how did udit surya secure admission in the college using the hall ticket with the photo of an impersonated person? .
how it was unnoticed during counselling and admission? .
these are the questions raised now .
now the investigations reveal that the student udit surya has given the profile containing his photo to the medical college during admission .
the photos in that and the hall ticket are different .
also the statement of the student udit surya and the statement made by theni medical college principal rajendran to the cbcid police are different .
so the cbcid police have started investigation with higher officials also .
the mysteries will be solved only if the results are revealed .
whoever is involved will become known .
mr sarath pawar gave a stirring interview declaring he will not bow to the central government, and also announced he will appear before the enforcement department tomorrow, in connection with a cooperative bank scam case .
the state treasury suffered a loss of rs 25 thousand crores due to malpractices at the maharashtra cooperative bank in 2007 .
this loss is said to have been caused by granting loans to sugar factories and spinning factories violating the norms .
regarding this scam, the mumbai police have framed charges against a senior official of the nationalist congress party, former deputy chief minister mr ajit pawar and 70 other people as per the order of the bombay high court .
this includes political leaders, former executives of the cooperative bank and officers .
in a sudden twist in this case, the enforcement department has filed a case on ajit pawar and nationalist congress party president sarath pawar on the basis of the case filed by the police .
sharad pawar is a former chief minister and also served as a minister in the central government led by congress .
with the elections for maharastra assembly scheduled on the 21st of next month october, this move by the enforcement department has caused a stir .
in this backdrop the president of the nationalist congress party mr sharad pawar spoke to news reporters in mumbai .
i thank the enforcement department for including me in this case, even though i am not a member or a deciding authority .
there is nothing surprising about this move .
i will be mostly out of mumbai for campaigning in my assembly constituency .
so the enforcement department would misunderstand me as being in hiding .
i am going to the enforcement department office on friday tomorrow .
and also provide them the information they need .
it is their right to enquire about the case .
i believe in the constitution .
so i will fully cooperate with the investigation .
maharashtra follows the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj .
we don’t know how to bow before the throne of delhi .
the maharashtra chief minister mr devendra patnavis has denied the allegations of political interference in this case .
regarding this he said .
the high court has ordered the police to file a case in this regard when the fraud is to a scale of rs 100 crores, the enforcement department will enquire that case .
so the enforcement department has become involved this case .
it is wrong to say that this move is for political reasons .
potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions .
while electric cars and tesla semitrucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy airplanes .
but a professor at the university of alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel .
dr david bressler is a professor at the university of alberta in the faculty of agricultural, life environmental sciences who began this project in 2003 .
his lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil .
unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleumbased fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process .
the technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleumbased fuels .
what our technology did in the first generation, bressler said is actually make the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline .
while this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to destabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem .
the problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch22, bressler said .
it's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements .
bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel .
the first being a lowrisk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen .
the second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures .
we can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit, bressler said about the second option .
that one's a higher risk .
the university of alberta spinoff company forge hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the canadian and american militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option .
they can see a future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax, he said .
they want an alternative in place that is a fallback position .
currently, forge runs a pilot plant near edmonton's waste management centre and recently acquired a us4 million investment from lockheed martin to support the construction of a 25million production facility to be located in sombra, ontario .
the facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year .
bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher .
as a technology guy, bressler said .
my job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with .
the high court decided yesterday to review the fundamental right petition filed by the obstetrician and gynaecologist dr sehu sihabdeen of kurunakal doctrine hospital .
this petition is to be taken up by the high court on 24th january .
it should be noted that the doctor shabi has filed a fundamental right petition objecting his arrest and detention by the criminal investigation department under various charges including doing illegal contraceptive surgery and collection of funds by improper means .
boris johnson's allies warn britain faces lastyle riots if brexit is reversed as pm calls for calm .
a senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the original result .
the prime minister's senior allies warned the uk faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in france over economic inequalities and los angeles riots in 1992 .
mr johnson said tempers need to come down in the furious row over political language but insisted he won't stop using the word surrender .
despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told the times in this country we never had the gilets jaunes yellow vests or the la riots in 1992 .
people don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before .
now they have a model gilets jaunes they have encrypted phones to coordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people .
riots in erupted in los angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver rodney king in 1992 .
earlier this year, antigovernment french protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of paris for more than six weeks .
the minister pointed to mr johnson's warning in the commons that there would be a catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system if britain failed to leave the eu .
if we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy, said the minister .
even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their mp and not let it go .
it doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street .
a senior cabinet minister added that country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one .
mr johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle brexit .
it has been reported he is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu instead .
pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder .
women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away .
it takes too long, people forget, said farzana bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the highprofile baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved .
though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the human rights commission of pakistan found at least 300 cases of honour killing in 2018 .
many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the honour based violence awareness network estimating that pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year .
prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of india .
india's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot .
normally the monsoon in north india recedes by the beginning of september, but the average rainfall this month has been 37 above normal .
if the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the india meteorological department .
many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of pune in western india, where torrential rain on wednesday and thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings .
homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon .
other cities such as kolkata, lucknow and hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall .
uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains .
the monsoon was also late to arrive .
many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought .
the extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers .
this amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year .
it is making my vegetables i've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment rot, said prakash mehra, a small farmer in bhimtal in uttarakhand .
for consumers, the impact of the delayed and now latereceding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in indian food .
onions are selling at 80 rupees about £1 a kilo in cities such as delhi and mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees 23p .
festivals are also at risk .
the next big festival is dussehra on 8 october, when hindus erect giant, comic bookstyle effigies of ravana, a figure from the hindu epic the ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin .
burning ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil .
but given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, ravana might have the last laugh .
how would the environment of a government hospital be if it is used for multiple facilities such as a bus stop, free car park, public toilet and meeting ground for political parties? .
this is the plight of the government hospital in uthangarai, in krishnagiri district .
this is an important government hospital where 1000 to 1200 patients are treated everyday .
in the areas that surround hospitals, many rules need to be followed, such as avoiding excessive noise and pollution .
with nobody following these rules, the uthangarai government hospital is in an awful state .
government and private buses are parked just near the entrance of the hospital .
even though the bus stop is near the hospital, the buses are parked near the entrance .
those buses create noise pollution .
the conductors' shouting adds to the woes .
the government hospital entrance is also the shelter for private ambulances .
so there is always traffic congestion in front of the entrance .
tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon, minister of revenue and disaster management rb udhayakumar said in trichy .
minister rb udhayakumar, who came to trichy to take part in various programmes, spoke to reporters .
other states except tamil nadu face the southwest monsoon .
the northeast monsoon commences in the month of october in tamil nadu and lasts for three months .
during this monsoon, if the low pressure bays formed on the surface of the sea gather momentum, there are chances that there may be cyclone landfall .
considering the impact of the previous cyclones, tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon during the current year .
4,393 areas are found to be prone to risks .
among these, places where water stagnates up to 5 feet were listed as most dangerous .
12 coastal districts in the state have a possibility of being affected by cyclones .
121 special centres have been set up in these districts to provide a safe shelter to the public .
apart from these, marriage halls, schools and community centres in other districts are also instructed to be kept ready .
rs 148 crores have been allocated for rescue works .
the state disaster force in these districts is also in a state of preparedness .
due to the precautionary measures taken by the government, not a single fisherman died during cyclone gaja .
instead there were losses of lives due to wall collapses and electrocution .
adequate precautionary measures are being taken this year to avoid even these such casualties .
along with rescue works, relief, rehabilitation and restructuring works are also going on .
accordingly, steps have been taken to issue pattas to 110 lakh people who have lost their homes and build houses in the districts of pudukkottai, tanjore, nagapattinam and thiruvarur which were affected by cyclone gaja .
thus the minister spoke .
due to the rains in the past few days, the lake in lord muruga temple in tiruttani is full .
saravana poigai lake is located near the steps that lead to the hill temple .
the devotees, after taking a holy bath in this lake, will walk through steps and worship .
in addition to this, during the annual aadi krithigai festival, a three day raft festival is celebrated in this lake .
since there was no water in the holy lake during the aadi krithigai festival last month, the lake was filled with water from tractors with the help of temple management, volunteers and devotees .
the function was held after that .
in this scenario, due to heavy rains during the last few days in tiruttani town, saravana poigai lake is full and the surplus water is overflowing now .
after a period of four years, the holy lake is overflowing only now .
district collector mr p ponnaiah has said that farmers can make more profit by choosing the fast growing tilapia fish .
in a press release regarding this he said .
farmers growing fish in farm ponds can select geneticallyenhanced tilapia fish they grow faster and are more profitable than other fish .
more tilapia fish can be kept and grown in less area compared to other fishes .
these fish are more immune and can grow faster than other fish .
also consumers want this fish more than other fish .
so farmers are requested to select these geneticallyenhanced fish and get more profit by growing them .
tilapia fish seeds are ready for sale throughout the year at the government fish farm located near krishnagiri dam .
farmers can buy and grow these fish .
farmers growing these fish have to erect safety fencing around their fish farms and due care should be taken to prevent these fish from spreading to the nearby water bodies .
they have to register their farms in kanchipuram district fish growers’ development camp first and then start growing the fish .
further details can be obtained in person at the office of the assistant director, fisheries department, east coast road, neelangarai, kanchipuram district or by calling 04424492719 .
a memorandum of understanding has been signed between three parties to conduct dna tests on human bones found in keezhadi .
the archaeology department of tamil nadu, madurai kamaraj university and harvard medical school have signed a memorandum of understanding to conduct dna tests on bones that were obtained during excavation of the sites at keezhadi, konthagai and adichanallur in tamil nadu .
the executive secretary and commissioner of the archaeology department t udhayachandran said .
the archaeology department, madurai kamaraj university and the david reich lab of harvard medical school will jointly sign a memorandum of understanding to take up the research .
we are hopeful of finding more ancient human bones in our future archaeological excavations in konthagai, keezhadi and adichanallur .
these samples will be sent for dna research .
this will reveal the genes that were found in the human bones excavated in tamil nadu .
heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke .
working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests .
that was the case for a group of japaneseamerican men in hawaii who were followed for more than three decades .
compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found .
this study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors, said study coauthor dr beatriz rodriguez .
she's a professor of geriatric medicine at the university of hawaii at manoa .
the findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on oahu who took part in the kuakini honolulu heart program .
because only men of japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted .
since pesticides have a long halflife, their effects on health may show up years after exposure .
in this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure .
after following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant, rodriguez said in a news release .
this was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life .
researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke .
the zelenskytrump phone call poroshenko weighs in .
it was an explosive week in washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against us president donald trump .
for political novice volodymyr zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid .
but what do we know so far about the zelenskytrump affair and will it have farreaching effects for the former? .
quite early on in the phone call, trump tells zelensky that the us is doing more for ukraine than other european countries .
although the calls notes released by the white house is not verbatim, it details trump taking a hit at german chancellor angela merkel that the german leader and other european counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals .
it was zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with trump 100, rather 1000 .
zelensky added that both the french president macron and merkel are not working enough to assist ukraine .
this exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within ukraine, talking on social media .
petro poroshenko, ukraine's former president, took to twitter to say that the support provided by the eu has been unprecedented .
in other tweets, poroshenko said that he was grateful for the eu support provided during russian aggression, which included sanctions and economic aid .
others expressed their concern, with ukranian politician victoria voytsiska saying how could we speak to germany and france again? .
trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims one into joe biden's son hunter but also into the hacked dnc server, suggesting that ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the democrat's emails during the 2016 election .
whether this will hinder european relations, or burn bridges with his french and german counterparts, is unclear .
i don't want to say anything bad about anyone .
we thank everyone who helps us, zelensky said in new york at the un general assembly following the release of the phone transcript .
zelensky is set to meet the leaders of russia, germany, and france in the upcoming normandy four summit in october .
previously dormant black holes may suddenly become active and swallow the stars that pass nearby .
if a black hole becomes a shining atomic nucleus it is called a quasar .
the scientists in baltimore observatory in america have seen six of these quasars .
the scientists are also surprised that this phenomenon, which should have taken thousands of years, wass over within six months .
the reason for growing many trees is that they absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and release oxygen .
but a bbioreactor device namely eos created by hypergiant industries absorbs as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees .
it is an algae called chlorella vulgaris, grown inside the eos bioreactor that looks like a refrigerator, that absorbs the carbon dioxide .
the prime minister narendra modi made a speech on the radio programme 'maan ki bath' .
during the speech, prime minister narendra modi conveyed his wishes for navaratri and also requested the people to make this 150th birth anniversary of gandhi a special one and free this country from singleuse plastic .
modi spoke tobacco affects brain growth and injures health, so we should try to avoid that .
ecigarettes have been banned recently as they contain harmful chemicals .
the public don’t have enough awareness about this .
young peope should stay away from ecigarettes .
there has been a misconception that ecigarettes are harmless .
unlike normal cigarettes, heating liquids containing nicotine in ecigarettes produces a kind of chemical smoke this can be detrimental to the health .
ghana wins two icao awards .
ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th international civil aviation organisation icao assembly in montreal, canada .
the safety award was in recognition of ghana obtaining africa's highest score in aviation safety oversight after scoring a provisional effective implementation ei rate of 8989 percent .
this was after icao concluded its coordinated validation mission icvm on april 3, 2019, in line with the united nations aviation agency's universal safety oversight audit programme .
the award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the icao's recommended standards and protocols on security at the airport and ghana's airspace .
the awards scheme was established in support of the icao's no country left behind initiative .
additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of icao who had improved upon their safety and security standards .
present to receive the awards for ghana was the minister of aviation, joseph kofi adda director general of the ghana civil aviation authority, simon allotey ghana's ambassador to canada, nii ayikoi otoo and the managing director of the ghana airport company limited, yaw kwakwa .
the president for the international civil aviation organisation, olumuyiwa benard aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space .
he said it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities .
on his part, mr adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance .
he further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying aviation holds a lot to transform our lives .
the socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve .
in the midst of the united nations general assembly meeting held yesterday in new york, prime minister modi held a discussion with the member countries of the caribbean community and common market caricom .
during this meeting modi announced financial assistance of 14 million usd for caribbean community and common market community development projects and a loan of 150 million usd for schemes related to solar, renewable energy and climate change .
prime minister modi also announced the setting up of the regional centre for excellence in information technology in georgetown and the setting up of the regional vocational training centre in belize .
caricom is a federation of 20 nations in the caribbean islands, ie the west indies .
they work together to build economic and political community, to design policies for the region and to promote economic growth and trade .
during his welcome address for the leaders of the west indian islands, prime minister modi said, “i welcome your interest in participating in this meeting .
india is fighting against some important issues of today such as climate change and poverty .
with today's meeting, india joins caricom countries in fulfilling today's needs and future aspirations with mutual cooperation .
i hope that we all put forward important recommendations from our part,” prime minister modi said .
the caribbean islands are located in the americas region .
a few of these islands are surrounded by caribbean islands .
a few islands are surrounded by caribbean islands on one side and on the other side by the north atlantic ocean .
these islands are located in the southeast bay regions of mexico, east of central america and north of south america .
it consists of around 700 islands .
though these islands are located very close to america, economically they are still developing .
a considerable number of peope of indian origin live on these islands .
in this context india has made this financial assistance to the caribbean countries .
trump nominates peter gaynor to be fema chief white house .
federal emergency management agency fema acting administrator peter gaynor smiles as he testifies before a senate appropriations homeland security subcommittee hearing on fema's fy2020 budget request on capitol hill in washington, us, april 3, 2019 .
washington reuters us president donald trump nominated peter gaynor on thursday to head the federal emergency management agency fema, the white house said in a statement .
gaynor, fema's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires .
the agency has been without a senateconfirmed administrator since march, when brock long left the post .
long resigned after the department of homeland security, under which fema falls, concluded long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between washington and his home in north carolina .
a different nominee for the job, jeffrey byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl .
gaynor's nomination to the post was expected .
he will require a majority of the senate to approve the nomination to take the job .
before becoming fema's deputy administrator in 2018, gaynor worked in emergency management in rhode island and was a marine, the white house said .
even after many rounds of talks between tamil nadu and karnataka regarding the cauvery issue there is no success, central minister nitin gadkari has informed .
the 34th convocation of vit university was held yesterday at katpadi in vellore district .
the central road transport minister nitin gadkari participated in that event as a special invitee .
his speech goes on like this apart from the generation of electricity from wind mill and solar energy, the scheme to convert sea water into drinking water is also planned to be implemented .
we are considering the generation of electricity from windmills at a low cost in tuticorin, kandla and paradeep ports .
if this scheme is implemented, electricity can be generated at a cost of rs 250 per unit .
to prevent 3000 tmc waste water entering into sea from godavari in andhra pradesh, we have devised a plan at a cost of 6 thousand crore rupees and implemented that .
but many rounds of talks with tamil nadu and karnataka to implement water conservation schemes have not yielded results .
there will not be any issue between tamilnadu and karnataka if cauvery waste water entering the sea is stopped .
so far there has been no improvement in the cauvery issue through dialogue, .
thus gadkari spoke .
following this, gadkari participated in laying the foundation stone for coir bodies started in 13 states, held on behalf of coir board .
when gadkari left the venue the bjp cadres shouted “bharat mata ki jai,” as usual .
meanwhile the supporters of vellore dmk mp kathir anand, who were present there, shouted long live periyar .
seeing this, gadkari left the venue, smiling .
police shut down illegal marijuana vaping operating in san gabriel valley cbs los angeles .
el monte cbsla police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the san gabriel valley thursday .
the bust happened at about 437 pm after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil concentrated cannabis oil at an office building in the 9600 block of telstar avenue .
lt christopher cano with the el monte police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges .
the process is very dangerous, cano said .
cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable .
simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration, he said .
and if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion .
a hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance .
the value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known .
detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation .
investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation .
they said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant .
while the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping .
this is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying, cano said .
this could be mixed with other harmful chemicals .
it could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations .
elizabeth i's lost dress to go on display at hampton court palace .
it was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies .
to eleri lynn, curator of the dress collection at historic royal palaces, that meant only one thing .
the faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of elizabeth i .
three years after lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in bacton, herefordshire, elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at hampton court palace, close to the very rooms where the tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago .
it is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16thcentury dress survives .
and while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe .
cloth of silver, a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the virtuoso quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners .
the gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a tudor mansion .
in addition, said lynn, in the 1590s, late in elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric .
it's a big thing to say, so i have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it .
and it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a wow moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress .
the long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of st faith's, bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear .
bacton was the home hamlet of blanche parry, the closest of elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with parry .
though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe elizabeth must have given it to the parry family or the parish in blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603 .
after more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the rainbow portrait, one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by hatfield house for the duration of the exhibition .
when you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them, said libby thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the hampton court grounds the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries .
looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it .
i have never worked on anything that's quite so elite .
the lost dress of elizabeth opens on 12 october at hampton court palace .
the incident of a student named udit surya joining in theni medical college by impersonation has come to light .
following this he has been arrested by the cbcid police along with the family .
following this the verification process of student images has been intensified in all medical colleges .
in this situation, a difference between the old and present images of students jothika and siva ramachandran of psg medical college, coimbatore was found .
subsequently an enquiry was made by the medical college department .
the interview given by the director of medical college narayana babu, to the reporters today .
we received a complaint on 23rd that there is slight difference between the images of the two students .
following this, we constituted an enquiry committee comprising 5 members .
we conducted an enquiry with the two students and their parents .
we collected their certificates, neet exam hall ticket, and identity card and compared these documents with our documents .
at the end of this scrutiny it was confirmed that both the students were not fake .
problems like this arise even when there is a small difference in the photographs .
so the health minister has ordered the introduction of a biometric process in student admission from next year onwards .
in future biometric and fingerprints will be used .
during application, exam and student admission phases, the details of the concerned student will open only upon providing the fingerprints .
so no one can cheat .
following this the students siva ramachandran and jothika who were subjected to the enquiry spoke to the reporters together .
jothika said in the photo provided by me i appeared with double braids .
that photograph was taken during my school days .
now i have changed my hairstyle .
so it is not similar now .
so i have been made to face enquiry for this small issue .
my haircut has created the problem and nothing else, she lamented .
ramachandran said there is difference between my present and old images .
at that time, i had only one photo .
that was an old photo .
hence there was confusion, and an enquiry was made .
pondicherry plastic association has requested prime minister modi to save the livelihoods of lakhs of workers .
a press note released by sankaran and secretary vk balu says .
in india plastic recycling is done by collecting the plastic thrown in streets and dustbins .
plastic that is currently banned in few states throughout india is recyclable .
in india due to poverty and unemployment 60 to 70 of plastic waste is recycled already .
the remaining plastic waste can also be used in a useful way .
plastic waste can be used in various ways such as 1 plastic tar roads 2 electricity generation 3 petrol and diesel production 4 concrete block production .
the carrier bags which are considered as the most important singleuse and disposable items are being given free to the public because of the culture of compulsorily providing free packing of items while buying in shops .
these plastic bags are seen openly in water bodies .
since these carrier bags have very low density, all other waste materials thrown into water bodies reach the bottom, except the plastic .
unfortunately only the plastics are seen floating .
throughout india there are 40,000 plastic manufacturing industries .
among them 98 belong to small scale and marginal industries .
similarly there are thousands of shops that sell plastic items .
there are 2,000 companies that export plastic materials .
it gives employment to around 50 lakh in both production and sales .
plastic industries have a turnover of 5 lakh crores and give an income of 50 crores to central and state governments .
as far as the plastic industry is concerned, there are no environmental issues in its production or usage .
but unfortunately environmental issues are caused because of a lack of awareness among the public about the environment .
so we humbly request the prime minister not to ban any plastic items on october 2 and make an announcement to impose strict rules to handle plastic waste properly and to act in a constructive way, and to save the livelihood of thousands of young, small and marginal scale entrepreneurs who are dependent on this industry and the livelihoods of lakhs of workers who are dependent on them .
thus they said in the statement .
the president of the indian haj association abubacker, who participated in the all india haj seminar, said that efforts will be taken to include india in the list of countries that provide on the spot umrah visas on landing in saudi arabia, in the airport itself .
he proudly informed that tamil nadu is the only state in the country giving grants to haj pilgrims .
an all india level seminar conducted by indian haj was held in haj house in mumbai .
the indian ambassador for saudi arabia dr azub and the president of the indian haj association abubacker attended as special invitees .
leaders of the haj association, executive officers and officials of the external affairs and minority welfare departments also participated along with them .
during his speech abubacker said that the government of tamil nadu has been giving grants to haj pilgrimage for the past two years due to the love and affection it has towards muslims .
he noted that tamil nadu is the only state in india to give such a grant .
following his speech, the indian ambassador for saudi arabia said that efforts will be made for the pilgrimage of 30 lakh hajis before the year 2025 .
hajis who went on pilgrimage in 2019 were known to have a few problems on the air india flight .
hence a new agreement will be made with air india to provide more facilities to the hajis who would go on the 2020 haj pilgrimage .
he also said arrangements will be made to accommodate hajis with star hotel facilities, with the help of oio, a saudibased indian firm .
steps to be taken to make more muslims travel were also discussed in this review meeting .
on behalf of 30 crore muslims in india and the indian haj association, president abubacker thanked the prime minister's office and minorities ministry for their tireless work for the 2019 haj pilgrimage .
a car was suspiciously caught in mud on agricultural land this morning in ponnai sn palayam, near katpadi in vellore district .
there was noone near it .
the car's back window was broken .
there were dangerous weapons like sickles and knives and red sanders inside the car .
the people of the village alerted the ponnai police about the matter .
the police quickly arrived on scene and rescued the car that was caught in the mud .
mexican cartel boss behind onethird of drugs in the us .
chicago just after sunrise on chicago's west side, cbs news watched the morning rush for drugs .
brian mcknight with the drug enforcement administration dea showed what was going on in broad daylight .
last year in chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses .
mcknight said probably 90 of the drugs in chicago are coming from mexico .
the dea is focused on a mexican drug lord named nemesio cervantes, known simply as el mencho .
he is the number one priority for dea and frankly for federal law enforcement in the united states, said matthew donahue, the dea's top agent in mexico .
a bounty for el mencho is up to 10 million .
he has helped uncover dozens of el mencho drug labs in the jungle .
el mencho's cartel jalisco nueva generacion, or cjng, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the us by land and sea .
according to the department of justice, the cartel has trafficked tons of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyllaced heroin .
el mencho has a 10 million bounty on his head .
ironically, he lived in california some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to mexico .
that's where he started the violent cartel .
he has got an enormous amount of weapons, rpgs, 50 caliber weapons .
he basically has his own swat teams, donahue said .
from shooting down a mexican army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, el mencho protects his empire with impunity .
cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years .
according to statistics from the mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day .
back in chicago, the mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear .
at the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands .
more than a third can be traced back to el mencho's cartel .
he is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids, donahue said .
so, when someone's child dies, donahue said there's a good chance those drugs came from el mencho's organization .
last year, more than 67,000 americans died from an overdose .
those who don't feel proud to call modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians, central minister jitendra singh has said .
it is a known fact that bjp leaders are continuously engaged in projecting gandhi and nehru in the wrong sense .
just a few hours before a programme howdy modi in houston in america, the central minister amit shah has said that nehru was the reason behind the creation of pakistanoccupied kashmir .
a few days ago, many bjp leaders including pragya thakur insulted gandhi and praised ghotse .
in the program “howdy modi” held in houston, prime minister modi informed that he supports american president trump to be elected again .
in return american president trump has heavily praised modi .
during his speech he mentioned that there were severe divisions in india and as the father of the nation he eliminated those divisions and united the nation .
while gandhi is usually called as the father of nation, this has shocked several people .
senior congress leader anand sharma said “the prime minister has used the programme howdy modi to campaign for trump .
this is a very wrong .
projecting himself as the father of india, instead of gandhi is also a wrong one” .
central minister of state jitendra singh said “american president trump has praised our prime minister as the father of india .
a few have objected to this .
those who don’t feel proud in calling prime minister modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians,” and this speech has created controversy .
the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
in the meeting of ministers of the nonalignment movement, the secretary of sri lankan external affairs noted that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
the speech of the external affairs secretary is as follows .
the secretary of sri lankan external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly, while speaking in the minister's level meeting of the nonalignment movement in new york on 26 september 2019, the secretary of external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles when the universal multilateral mechanisms is in trouble .
as the nonalignment movement includes 55 percent of the world population, it is its moral duty to voice the concerns of the south, particularly the growing small countries .
sri lanka again confirmed its commitment towards the efforts of the nonaligned movement that faces universal challenges such as conflicts, migration, climate change and infectious diseases that cross national borders .
nontraditional security threats such as climate change is not only a threat to the economy and community but also emerges as security threat that affects communities and countries due to manmade disasters .
while welcoming the summit of united nations general secretary for climaterelated actions, held in the headquarters of united nations on 23 september 2019, the secretary aryasinghe expressed his deep concerns about negative impacts of climate change in island nations such as sri lanka .
the external affairs secretary expressed hope that by fulfilling the duties mentioned in the paris agreement, the cop25 to be held in chile will increase its efforts to combat climate change .
the external affairs secretary aryasinghe informed that sri lanka gains prominence in opposing all kinds of racism, hatred and violent extremism and there is the need to focus on the new threats that are proved by the easter sunday attacks in sri lanka .
he also noted that such a universal threat threatens the security of all nations and it cannot be handled by a single country but needs cooperation, and also he called upon the nonalignment movement to contribute in a constructive and cohesive manner for this universal security threat .
the external affairs secretary also noted that sri lanka believes in a free society where freedom of expression is ensured, however we should stay vigilant about hate speech and the threat of abusing the internet and social media platforms .
the theme 'upholding the principles of sovereignty and political freedom as a means of maintaining universal peace and security and improving friendship and cooperation between nations' became the subject of a ministerslevel meeting and also an outcome document was accepted .
sri lanka was the joint sponsor of 1955 bandung conference and a founder member of the nonalignment movement .
this group has been growing continuously for the six decades and its current number of members in united nations is 120, which is more than two thirds of the members .
new york is the permanent embassy of sri lanka for the un .
to improve the livelihood of poor and disadvantaged people in tamil nadu, former chief minister jayalalitha has announced an affordable amma cement scheme .
cement bags will be sold at 190 rupees per bag .
to obtain this, an aadhar card, family card, flat document and approved building map or an approval certificate from the village administrative officer needs to be handed over to the amma cement head of sales at tamil nadu civil supplies corporation godown .
the application should be sent along with the dd for the number of cement bags needed .
the cement bags will be handed over within one week of uploading the dd number on the website .
this is the procedure .
this is not followed properly in many places .
throughout tamil nadu there are complaints about officials receiving money inappropriately and selling amma cement bags on the black market .
to avoid any difficulties, the users try to get the bags quickly by offering kickbacks .
ps4 game goes oldschool, as sony reveals surprise playstation 4 news .
sony has shed more light on upcoming ps4 exclusive the last of us part two .
as part of sony's recent state of play presentation, sony announced a february 2020 release date for the last of us sequel .
fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game .
even more details have been announced in the days since the big last of us 2 gameplay reveal .
and it looks like sony and naughty dog are taking it back to the oldschool in more ways than one .
something we haven't seen very often since the psone era, the last of us part 2 will ship on multiple discs .
naughty dog's neil druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with the telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever .
this story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't, he said .
and it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters .
we didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way .
we got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section, druckmann continues .
it's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one bluray, it's on two discs .
elsewhere, it was revealed that the last of us part two contains one or two not safe for work easter eggs via gamespot .
while we won't ruin the surprise here, the ingame easter eggs include references to oldschool naughty dog releases .
you can find out more when the last of us part two launches exclusively for ps4 on february 21, 2020 .
ps4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up the last of us remastered with ps plus .
sony recently announced the playstation plus free ps4 games for october 2019, which includes the aforementioned naughty dog release .
mlb the show 19 will also be available for ps plus subscribers in october .
if you enjoy the last of us remastered and want to preorder the sequel, sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12inch statue of the iconic character .
the sri lankan government has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again .
a media release given by the foreign affairs ministry regarding this is as follows .
external affairs secretary aryasinghe has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into commonwealth again .
last thursday the external affairs secretary ravinatha aryasinghe welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again and in order to allow complete participation in the commonwealth government leaders' conference in 2020 he again insisted the complete support of sri lanka to use the fasttrack process that was used in allowing zambia back in again .
he made this observation in the conference of the commonwealth external affairs minister presided by the minister of state for the commonwealth and united nations lord ahmed of wimbledon, as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly .
he informed that sri lanka experiences a strong mutual relation with maldives which is a close neighbour and one of the south asian countries and we are happy that it has expressed its willingness to rejoin the commonwealth as a part of one of the primary initiatives taken by the new administration during the last year .
the external affairs secretary has noted that extensive evaluation work done by the secretariat of the commonwealth in january 2019 has paved the way for a positive resolution and any obstacle against its reentry should be considered just as a simple defect that affects all countries .
he insisted that further obstacles that lead to fewer incentives should not be kept in their path .
the external affairs secretary also participated in the conference of the group 77 g77 external affairs ministers at new york on 27 september 2019 .
it was noted that g77 is being positioned uniquely to call for universal actions as a remedy for various needs of the countries in special situations such as underdeveloped countries, growing countries that are surrounded by land and growing small islands .
this problem adversely affects economic and social development and also their ability to achieve sustainable development goals .
this organisation should act as a collective voice that calls for international aid and support for vulnerable and marginalised countries, particularly towards financial and skill development .
also in a statement released during a cooperative discussion of a meeting regarding 'science, technology and innovation' in which sri lanka acts as associate chief operator, the external affairs secretary remarked that the asian cooperation discussion region plays an important role in sustainable sociocultural and economic development .
the mediation position played by the asian cooperation discussion in promoting economic competitiveness helps asian countries to compete equally in the world market .
prime minister scott morrison has announced almost 100 million of extra assistance for droughtaffected communities .
a program delivering cash payments to droughtaffected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler .
the package includes almost 34 million for the drought community support initiative allowing eligible households access to up to 3000 in emergency payments .
up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to 1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the drought community programme .
the new support package comes on top of more than 7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government .
upon the order of the chief minister to monitor the precautionary and relief measures during the northeast monsoon seasons in chennai municipality, ias officers have been appointed for all the 15 zones headed by the government's chief secretary for the revenue and disaster management department .
the advisory meeting with the ias officers appointed for the 15 zones was held in ribbon building meeting hall, presided by the commissioner k prakash .
on account of the northeast monsoon, the monitoring officers appointed as per the order of the chief minister to oversee the zonal level actions are taking precautionary measures in each zone as per the advice of the minister for municipal administration, rural development and implementation of special programme sp velumani .
in this meeting extensive discussions are made regarding the works to be undertaken by the officials of the public works department, highways department, chennai metropolitan water supply and sewerage board, tamil nadu electricity department, tamil nadu slum clearance board, tamil nadu housing board, hindu religious and charitable endowments department, chennai and kanchipuram district revenue department, bsnl, chennai petroleum corporation limited, chennai metro rail limited, southern railways and national highway, concerning their departments .
it was requested to inform the regional monitoring officers, chennai metro municipality commissioner and assistant commissioners and to take up works immediately, coordinating with the officials of all departments .
in chennai municipality wards from 1 to 200, desilting works to prevent blockages in the open canals and in rain water drainage channels have been started and are in progress .
the officials were ordered to complete these works soon .
the workers in all the 200 wards in the chennai municipality are instructed to be present without taking leave .
it was announced in the meeting by officials of the concerned department that the chennai municipality is in a state of preparedness to take up all works reported during the zonal supervisor’s inspection, and to face the monsoon .
the officials from various departments viz tamil nadu adi dravida housing and development board managing director sajjan singh r chawan, regional deputy commissioners pn sridhar, dr albie john varghese, chief engineer, head engineers, executive engineers, zonal officers, public works department, highways department, chennai water and drainage department, electricity department, traffic police department, forest department, southern railways, chennai metro rail limited, and fire and rescue services participated in the meeting .
ronald lee haskell man convicted of killing his exwife's family in texas .
ronald lee haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of stephen and katie stay and four of their five children in spring, texas .
authorities said he entered the stays' home on july 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, melannie haskell .
she was not there, but her sister, katie stay, and her family were .
stephen stay, 39, katie stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when haskell opened fire, the harris county sheriff's office said .
only one member of the family, then 15yearold cassidy stay, survived .
authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery .
jurors on thursday unanimously rejected ronald lee haskell's insanity defense .
the jury was dismissed until monday for sentencing .
quantum internet closer to reality sciencedaily .
a us army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer .
such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches .
the us army's combat capability development's army research laboratory's center for distributed quantum information, funded and managed by the lab's army research office, saw researchers at the university of innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables .
entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits .
when two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away .
this 50 kilometers is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building intercity quantum networks, said dr ben lanyon, experimental physicist at university of innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the nature journal quantum information .
intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled .
this distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said .
the demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement, said dr sara gamble, comanager of the army program supporting the research .
the quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications .
the research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap .
using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored .
as a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled .
the challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables .
the photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber, lanyon said .
his team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser .
the photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for longdistance travel the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers .
the researchers then sent this photon through the 50kilometerlong optical fiber line .
their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled .
the choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be cotrapped with a high quality clock qubit .
large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications, said dr fredrik fatemi, an army researcher who also comanages the program .
bosnians protest croatian plans for nuclear waste facility .
hundreds of people rallied friday in northwest bosnia against plans by neighboring croatia to store part of the waste from the region's only nuclear plant near its border with bosnia and a main river known for its natural beauty .
the protesters in the bosnian town of novi grad urged croatia to abandon plans for a storage site at a former army barracks in trgovska gora and pledged to fight the project .
the facility would hold waste from the krsko nuclear plant .
holding banners reading i want a healthy future and stop the una river needs us, bosnians they said a nuclear waste facility could endanger the una river and the lives of around 250,000 area residents .
we have to say no! .
miroslav drljaca, the head of novi grad municipality told the crowd .
we must fight to preserve our way of life and our una .
located in slovenia, the 1980s krsko plant is owned jointly by croatia .
officials from the two countries are set to meet next week to discuss additional waste storage facilities .
croatia's state hrt television reported friday that croatia was yet to decide whether it would build storage of its own or pay to store its share of waste at a new facility slovenia is building .
croatian minister of environment protection and energy tomislav coric told the broadcaster that croatia also has a problem disposing of institutional waste from schools, hospitals and prisons, and was hoping to find an overall solution .
in bosnia, activists, officials and residents from all sides of the country's ethnic divide insisted that croatia find another location in a part of the country nearer to the nuclear .
how come that out of entire croatia, the best is the trgovska gora pocket that is in bosnia's pants? asked drljaca .
we must not let them humiliate us! .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi, has accused that the concern of the uttar pradesh government about the farmers is just in advertisements only .
the general secretary of congress, priyanka gandhi is criticising various activities of the bjp government through social media .
in this context, yesterday she remarked that the government of uttar pradesh is not concerned about farmers' wellbeing .
priyanka gandhi has said in her post “the concern of the bjp government of uttar pradesh can be seen only in advertisements and hoardings .
farmers have not even received their arrears from the government .
the farmers were not proper electricity distribution .
but their electricity bills are severely hiked .
they are being cheated in the name of a loan waiver .
also they are insulted by the government of uttar pradesh” .
what is munchhausen's by proxy mentioned in the politician on netflix? .
the condition means carers or parents pretend their child is ill when they are healthy .
the politican hits netflix today .
the show tells the story of payton hobart who wants to be president of the united states of america but first, he has to be student body president at his high school .
made by american horror story and glee creator ryan murphy, it features gwyneth paltrow, ben platt and lucy boynton .
without revealing too much for those who haven't had a chance to watch it yet, the show includes a storyline about munchhausen's by proxy a mental illness where a carer acts as if the person they are looking after has a physical or mental illness when they are not really sick .
there are different types of the condition, including munchhausen's where a person pretends that they themselves are ill .
munchhausen's by proxy, however, is specifically about making up that someone that you care for is ill .
it is also known as fabricated or induced illness fii and is categorised as child abuse .
it is a rare condition and usually involves a parent exaggerating symptoms or causing symptoms to make it seem like their child is ill .
what are the signs of munchhausen's by proxy? .
the signs of the condition can vary from case to case but the nhs says that things to be aware of include .
persuading medical professionals that their child is unwell but they seem healthy .
exaggerating or lying about symptoms .
manipulating results to suggest the child is ill, for example putting glucose in urine samples to make it look like they have diabetes .
inducing symptoms of illness, for example giving them unnecessary medication or other substances .
how common is munchhausen's by proxy? .
as many cases aren't reported, it's difficult to know how widespread the condition is .
one study published in 2000 estimated 89 cases in a population of 100,000 over a two year period .
what should you do if you think a child is at risk .
you can contact your local social services department or telephone the nspcc's child protection helpline on 0808 800 5000 .
the central government has given approval to build 123 lakh houses throughout india under the prime minister's housing scheme, including 26 thousand 709 houses in tamil nadu .
the central government is implementing the prime minister's housing scheme to ensure all the people in the country get their own house before 2022 .
in this case, the central sanctioning and monitoring committee csmc headed by the secretary for the central housing and urban affairs department durga sankar misra has sanctioned the building of 123 lakh houses at a cost of rs 4988 crores .
this information was given in a press release by central government yesterday .
accordingly, a maximum 27,746 houses will be built in west bengal and in tamil nadu 26,709 houses worth rs 939 crores will be built .
and houses are also planned to be built in the states of gujarat 20,903, punjab 10,332, chhattisgarh 10,079, jharkhand 8,674, madhya pradesh 8,314, karnataka 5,021, rajasthan 2,822, and uttarakhand 2,501 .
under this order, the central government has so far given permission to build more than 90 lakh houses in cities alone .
under this scheme, before 2022, 112 crore houses are planned to be built in cities and a total of 2 crore houses are planned to be built, including in villages .
nigeria police raid kaduna school, evacuate 300 children .
kaduna the kaduna state police command yesterday raided a school, imamu ahmad bn hambal, located at layin maidubun tsumma at rigasa in igabi local government area of the state, arrested seven teachers and evacuated about 300 children .
the police alleged that the children were kept in a very dehumanising condition an allegation the school authority denied .
a resident who identified himself as shehu, a preacher in the school, said what they're saying is not true because all the children are there with the consent of their parents .
the parents signed a form before the children were enrolled in the school .
the parents used to bring food to their children daily and they also know the condition they are in .
we were very surprised when the police came and evacuated the children as well as removed all the students' food brought by their parents before they shut down the school .
this is unfair because we have parents to testify if their children are kept in bad conduction as claimed by the police .
he added that the immediate past police commissioner abdurrahman, who once visited the school to see how the children were taken care, never complained .
‎he said the children only studied quran and nothing else .
but the police command public relations officer, yakubu sabo, said the children would be reunited with their parents after handing them over to the state government .
they were kept in dehumanising condition in the name of undergoing or acquiring quranic knowledge .
with many of them with scars on their back which show they were beaten .
so, we're investigating the school to know the owner of the facility, he said .
foreign talent important to china's development .
guangdong has been leading the country in terms of attracting foreign talent, due in a large part to the belt and road initiative bri, the guangdonghong kongmacao greater bay area gba, and shenzhen's new role as a pilot demonstration area .
nanfang media group has interviewed seven expatriates aged from 1070 in guangdong .
born in 2010 during the asian games in guangzhou, yash from singapore said he would like to realize his dream of becoming a scientific doctor in guangzhou .
nikita nikandrov, a russian student of shenzhen msubit university said, with the bri, russian students can study together with chinese students .
we can make new ideas and businesses together .
rachel rommeswinkel from the us started her career as a beauty blogger in dongguan and has over one million fans on bilibili and weibo .
she said she will keep sharing chinese traditions, culture and technology through her videos .
leticia de lassus from france, the head of jjb international montessori ami centers in guangzhou, agrees that children's education is like buttoning up one's jacket .
if the first button is fastened incorrectly, the rest will never find their rightful place .
chineseamerican henry xiao believes that at the heart of gba, his company can enjoy multiple benefits in terms of new policies, government policies and capitals, especially the talent .
nanta show producer sean choi from south korea said guangdong cuisine is famous all over the world, and it has been good to introduce the nanta show to guangdong .
stephan mohler from switzerland, the technical quality director at the pearl river pianos, thinks the secret of high quality lies in simple work done well .
to his surprise, many talented young people in china enjoy working, learn to make good products and persist in their drive to be better .
unibet takes on its second us market .
kindred group's flagship brand unibet takes on its second us market in pennsylvania and announces today its official launch into pennsylvania with the opening of its sportsbook in partnership with mohegan sun pocono marking the company's second us market entry in just one month .
mohegan sun pocono's full destination offering, combined with unibet's digital customer experience and data analysis capacity, will create a unique and strong offering in sports betting in the state .
earlier this month, unibet launched its new jersey sportsbook and multiyear partnership with the new jersey devils .
we are excited and proud to partner with mohegan sun pocono to welcome patrons to our new sportsbook and offer a great extention to our online product in one of the largest states to regulate both online sports betting and casino .
we wanted a strong partner who shares our dedication to customer experience and values, and we know that together we will offer pennsylvanians a truly unmatched inhouse and soontocome online sports betting and casino experience, says manuel stan, svp kindred us .
we've aligned with one of the world's best online casino and sportsbook operators in online regulated markets, which will allow us to offer a best in class experience to our current clients and attract new fans .
introduction of the unibet offering to the market is a great positive for mohegan sun, as well as the state of pennsylvania, says aviram alroy, vice president of interactive gaming at mohegan gaming entertainment .
betting offerings to start will include nfl, ncaa, nhl, nba, pga, professional tennis, boxing, ufc, rugby, nascar, mls, premier league soccer, la liga and bundesliga .
powered by kambi, a worldleading b2b provider of premium sports betting services, the unibet sportsbook offers the best sports betting and entertainment experience around .
later this year, together with mohegan sun pocono, unibet will also launch its sportsbook and signature casino online as part of the partnership agreement, which will be available via apple and android mobile devices .
the minister of the rural industries department p benjamin applied nalangu for pregnant women and donated them essential materials in the angle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women conducted on behalf of the social welfare and nutritious meal programme department's integrated child development services scheme, at a private marriage hall located at villivakkam panchayat union, tiruvallur district .
in the programme minister p benjamin said .
the government under the chief minister, who follows the footsteps of the late chief minister amma, is providing many schemes for the poor and disadvantaged people and is working towards improving their livelihoods .
in such a way, amma's best scheme, the bangle wearing social ceremony scheme for pregnant women is being implemented in the best way .
monetary help for pregnant women has been raised from rs 12 thousand to rs 18 thousand .
this monetary help has been split into several instalments as prematernity, maternity and postmaternity .
amma's government is donating a gift pack consisting of 16 kinds of items for children born in government hospitals .
thus this government headed by the chief minister is considering the welfare of the people and works towards improving their livelihood .
today more than 200 pregnant ladies were applied with nalangu and received donations of essential materials .
earlier, all the people headed by the minister took an oath for nutrition awareness .
only after that did the minister release the nutrition awareness guide .
finally, at the end of the bangle wearing social ceremony for pregnant women, minister p benjamin served five types of rice and food to pregnant women .
the bangle wearing social ceremony on behalf of the integrated child development services scheme in tiruvallur district was held at 13 taluk level .
3,160 pregnant women from 1760 anganwadi centers in ellapuram, gummidipoondi, kadambattur, minjur, pallipattu, poonamallee, poondi, rkpet, chozhavaram, thiruvalankadu, tiruvallur, tiruttani and villivakkam regions participated in the bangle wearing social ceremony .
the project director tamil nadu state rural livelihoods mission vai jayakumar, project officer of the integrated child development servicesscheme rajeswari and government officials participated in this programme .
on the second day, october 1, actor kamal haasan will deliver a speech about the digital era and constructive use of social media by young people .
this will be followed by speeches by many experts on topics such as fake news, challenges and complications in cinema production, screenplay for new fans, and youttube's business model .
many successful people from the film and media industry are going to share their views .
those who want to participate in this twoday programme lasting from morning to evening can contact the number below and register their names! .
vijay alone getting this much opposition means he is growing, said his father and director sa chandrasekar .
the audio launch of the film bigil was recently held in chennai .
vijay participated in that event and said “in the death of subasri caused by a banner falling on the road, they are accusing the lorry driver and the printers of the banner, not knowing whom to blame he also said “people should be given positions only according to what they deserve” .
this speech by vijay was not welcomed by aiadmk and it is facing severe criticism .
meanwhile, makkal needhi maiyam president kamal hassan has supported vijay's speech .
in this context, vijay's father sa chandrasekar arrived at tuticorin airport through a flight from chennai to take part in an event in nagercoil, kanyakumari district .
there the reporters posed him questions about the criticism faced by vijay .
he answered while riding on a bike on the road, subhasri died in the accident caused by a banner falling on the road .
everyone is talking about this issue .
vijay also spoke about the matter, which everyone is speaking about .
even the court has asked why the people involved in subhasri's incident have not been arrested until now .
but it is not clear why the ministers and aiadmk cadres are opposing the views of vijay alone .
when vijay faces this amount of opposition, it means he is growing .
will your speech garner this amount of opposition? .
if vijay's speech faces criticism, that means he is growing .
the reporters asked, based on the speeches made by vijay on stage, will he definitely enter into politics .
sa chandrasekar answered “it doesn't seem so, for me” .
we asked aiadmk regarding this .
there is no second opinion that the death of subhasri is unfortunate .
but why did vijay have to wait until the audio launch of bigil to air his views about that incident without speaking about it immediately .
vijay's fan once fell from the top and died while erecting a cutout for his film .
even that video was released .
“vijay should have asked his fans to stop erecting cutout for his films by then,” they said furiously .
for the past few days, a video has been circulating on whatsapp warning people to be 'careful with dogs' .
that video asks children to inform their parents if they have been bitten or scratched by a dog .
it also shows a video portraying a boy with more than 90 percent damage caused by the rabies virus, as he had not informed his parents about being bitten by a dog .
the video shows the boy barking like a dog as he is being treated in a hospital .
we asked veterinarian anandapadmanaban if the whatsapp video showing the person affected by rabies behaving like a dog is accurate .
when a dog infected with the rabies virus bites a person, it is true that the rabies virus will affect the person bitten .
but rabies is not spread by being scratched by a dog's nail .
if the rabid dog's saliva touches the scratched area, it may cause spreading of the disease .
when the saliva touches the wound or injury in the subject's body, it will cause the disease to spread .
so as a precautionary measure, it is best for dog owners to receive an injection of the rabies vaccine .
we veterinarians also receive the rabies vaccine injection once a year, as we need to treat dogs .
freshly picked turmeric contains vitamin c .
turmeric has the property to control blood pressure and the heartbeat as it contains potassium .
turmeric contains minerals such as manganese, potassium, pron, calcium, zinc, copper and magnesium .
by applying a paste of turmeric powder mixed with salt and lemon extract, wounds, sprain, injuries caused by friction and joint pains will be healed .
a mixture of asafoetida powder and turmeric powder in water, when boiled and inhaled, cures a single side headache .
this contains antibodies and fibres that control bad cholesterol .
turmeric contains many important chemical compounds such as niacin, riboflavin, and pyridoxine .
inhaling the smoke resulting from burning turmeric cures blocked noses .
curcuma turmeric has more aroma than normal turmeric .
it has the property of curing skin diseases .
it is useful in curing pain, infections in the nose, abdominal pain, breaking cysts and mosaic disease .
some young women may be seen with a slight moustache on their upper lips like men .
applying curcuma turmeric powder or paste on the face will help prevent the growth of such hair .
there will be brightness on the face .
'hideous' central coast camouflage child rapist ordered to look at victim in court .
dressed in a leafy ghillie camouflage suit, the man grabbed the then 12yearold from behind and dragged her into bushland as she made her way to school on the state's central coast in may 2017 .
he then tied her to a tree and sexually assaulted her .
shortly after the arrest, a search warrant was executed at a home where officers seized a number of items relevant to the investigation .
the man pleaded guilty to seven charges involving the attack and a further three charges over the grooming and sexual abuse of another girl, aged 11, between august 2016 and april 2017 .
the 12yearold victim had been walking along a track when she looked back and saw him suddenly emerge from the bushes armed with a large tree branch and a knife .
when she pleaded stop, stop, stop, he put her in a headlock and forced her into the scrub .
the man told the girl shhh, don't scream .
don't scream or i'll have to hurt you .
holding the knife in his right hand, he tied her hands and feet with cable ties before lashing her to the tree and abusing her for almost an hour .
after he cut her loose, the girl ran crying hysterically to school .
the man arrived at work about 930am after failing to reply to several text messages and phone calls from colleagues .
with dirt, grass and tree matter on his clothes, he claimed to have been involved in a road rage incident where he had chased another driver into the bush and fallen down an embankment .
the man's sentencing hearing continues on tuesday .
pope warns tech execs to use ai for the common good .
pope francis on friday warned tech company executives, diplomats and financiers that the race to create artificial intelligence and other forms of digital development pose the risk of increasing social inequality unless the work is accompanied by an ethical evaluation of the common good .
francis addressed a vatican conference that brought government envoys and facebook and google representatives together with philosophers, physicists and ethicists .
a smattering of academics and catholic bishops rounded out participants at the common good in the digital age conference .
the threeday gathering is the latest evidence of the vatican wanting a place in the debate over the prospects and perils of artificial intelligence .
the debates included technology advancements in warfare and the future of work with increasing reliance on machines, as well as a case study examining the christchurch, new zealand, massacre and decisions taken by social media companies after video spread of the carnage .
in his speech to the conference, francis praised the potential of technological progress, noting that machines at the dawn of the industrial revolution spared workers dangerous and monotonous labor .
but he warned that increased reliance on robotics for the sake of profits risked depriving people of the dignity of labor .
if technological advancement became the cause of increasingly evident inequalities, it would not be true and real progress, he warned .
if mankind's socalled technological progress were to become an enemy of the common good, this would lead to an unfortunate regression to a form of barbarism dictated by the law of the strongest .
organizers of the conference said they hoped to tap into participants' expertise identify possible future advisers for the catholic church on high tech issues .
martin odegaard, real madrid loanee, sends fans wild with mindboggling assist .
martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener .
real madrid went top of the la liga table following their 20 win over osasuna as they continued their unbeaten run in this year's domestic season .
however, despite not losing a single game in la liga this season, manager zinedine zidane is under tremendous pressure following a tumultuous preseason and a public rift with welsh star gareth bale .
the pressure seemed to reach the boiling point when real madrid were humiliated by parissaint germain psg in the champions league .
but zinedine zidane and real madrid have some real talent on their books, some who are currently in the frenchman's plans and those that aren't .
vinícius junior is one such star for the future for real madrid and is currently with the team .
however, another norwegian youngster martin odegaard, who has been loaned out to real sociedad, is creating a flutter after providing a mindboggling assist during a la liga match .
playing for real sociedad vs alaves, martin odegaard provided a jawdropping assist for mikel oyarzabal's opener as real sociedad ran out 30 winners at home .
after picking the ball up on the right, martin odegaard drifted away from one opponent by nutmegging him and then threaded a stunning pass inside two more for his teammate to get at the of the inchperfect throughball and poke home .
willian jose's second and a third from the impressive oyarzabal, this time from the penalty spot, secured a convincing win for imanol's side, before alaves midfielder manu garcia was sent off with five minutes to play .
martin odegaard joined real madrid aged just 16 in 2015 but has struggled to live up to the hype .
now 20, the norwegian youngster finally appears to be finding his feet .
anna hazare surprised sharad pawar's name figures in maharashtra state cooperative bank scam case .
anna hazare said sharad pawar's name was not on the list when this case came to me .
social activist anna hazare has expressed surprise over nationalist congress party or ncp chief sharad pawar's name cropping up in the multicrore maharashtra state cooperative bank scam .
probe agency enforcement directorate or ed has filed a money laundering case against sharad pawar, his nephew ajit pawar a former deputy chief minister of maharashtra and others in connection with the scam .
an enforcement case information report, equivalent to a police fir, has been registered by the central agency under the prevention of money laundering act .
the case is based on a mumbai police fir which had named former chairmen of the bank, ajit pawar, and 70 erstwhile functionaries of the cooperative lender .
when this case came to me, sharad pawar's name was not there anywhere .
how did his name crop up, who mentioned his name, all these things only they know, anna hazare said on thursday when asked about the ed case and sharad pawar's alleged links to the scam .
anna hazare, a sharad pawar critic, expressed the hope that the truth will come out after the ed carries out a detailed investigation in the scam .
the ed will come to know how his name figured in the case, said anna hazare, a veteran of many anticorruption agitations .
sharad pawar has denied any wrongdoing and claimed he was not associated with the bank in any capacity and questioned the timing of the registration of the case which comes just weeks ahead of the october 21 assembly polls in maharashtra .
the former union minister has asserted he would not bow before the throne of delhi, apparently referring to the bjpled government at the centre .
the ncp has termed the enforcement directorate case as politically motivated .
south africa man, 20, charged with murder of ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu .
a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of university of kwazulunatal ukzn student sinethemba ndlovu is expected to apply for bail next week, according to the national prosecuting authority npa .
the accused appeared in the msinga magistrate's court on thursday on a charge of murder .
kzn npa spokesperson natasha kara told news24 that the case was postponed to october 2 for the bail application .
she added that the state would oppose the accused's release on bail .
according to kzn police spokesperson colonel thembeka mbele, the 20yearold accused was arrested on monday .
ndlovu was stabbed below her left armpit and stomach, police said earlier this week .
it's believed that she worked as a hostess at the msinga driftkhana motorsport event on saturday evening .
in a statement issued that day, organisers of the motorsport event said preliminary reports suggested that a few hostesses remained behind after the event to watch some of the musical performances after their shift ended .
on their way, sadly, one of them was attacked by unknown men and later passed away in hospital, their statement read .
ukzn suspended academic activities on friday, saying the circumstances of ndlovu's death requires us as a community to pause and reflect on the fragility of life, and the brutality that often exists in our society .
mylan agrees to pay 30m in epipen settlement .
mylan has agreed to pay 30 million in a settlement tied to its failure to tell investors about a justice department investigation into whether the company overcharged medicaid for the epipen .
the securities and exchange commission said friday that mylan nv classified the epipen as a generic drug under the medicaid drug rebate program .
this led to the pharmaceutical company paying much lower rebates to the government than if the epipen had been classified as a branded drug .
mylan had disclosed in july that it had reached an agreementinprinciple with the sec on the matter .
the company said in a statement friday that it neither admits nor denies the sec's allegations .
people in landslide disaster areas are warned to vacate immediately .
a landslide disaster warning has been issued to people living in low lying areas in 'the divisional secretariats in bulathsinhala, palallavitta, maththukkam, akalavaththai in kaluththurai district and the divisional secretariats in elpitiya, niyakama, nakota, imathuva and vaththeekama in kali district and they have been asked to vacate immediately .
similarly people in thodangoda, ingiriya, palinthanuvara, herana divisional secretariats in kaluththurai district and the thehiyovitta divisional secretariat in kekaalai district and kadavathsaththara, neluwa, thawalama divisional secretariats in kali district have been requested to be cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
similarly people in the divisional secretariats of kalawana, ayagama, giriella, eheliyagoda, rathinapuri, kuruwita in rathinapuri district are requested to stay cautious in the wake of the present disaster situation .
a landslide disaster warning has also been issued to the ettiyanthotttai divisional secretariat in kekaalai district .
in west bengal, steps are being taken to make a statue of goddess durga, using 50 kilograms of gold, for the durga puja festival .
in west bengal, the trinamool congress headed by mamata banerjee is in power .
every year durga puja is celebrated in a grand manner here during october or november .
durga idols are erected in main streets and worshipped .
durga puja celebrations for this year will start on the 4th of next month and will last for 10 days .
in this scenario, the festival committee has planned to erect a 13 foot tall gigantic statue of goddess durga, at santhosh mithra square in kolkata .
commenting on this, the president of the committee said “the durga statue is made using 50 kg of gold .
its total value is 20 crores .
most of the works are completed .
this statue will be kept in the pandal for worship in the next few days .
no one has ever made such an effort .
for this purpose, we have collected donations from business establishments, the public, and private institutions .
after we have dismantled the statue, we will take back the gold in it and use it for the next year .
the president of the south indian rivers linking farmers association ayyakannu has warned that if the tamil nadu government does not take necessary steps to waive agricultural loans, a blockade will be carried out in chennai during the first week of october .
the discussion meeting of the south indian rivers linking farmers association was held yesterday in poolampatti near manapparai .
many farmers from manapparai, vaiyampatti, thuvarankurichi, and the virali hills area participated in this meeting .
during the meeting it was demanded to bring the cauveryvaigai gundaru scheme through vaiyampatti and fill panjapatti lake, ponniyaru dam and kannuthu dams during floods .
further, genetically modified seeds should be banned .
many resolutions including waiving of all crop loans of farmers and immediate provision of crop insurance for the year 201617 were passed .
the farmer’s association president ayyakannu said during his speech at this meeting that tamil nadu has faced the worst drought .
the chief minister edappadi palanisamy should take appropriate steps and waive farm loans .
otherwise a very big demonstration will be held in chennai during the first week of october .
mother pleads guilty to murdering two teenage sons .
a woman broke down in tears as she was told she could spend the rest of her life in prison after admitting murdering her two teenage sons while conspiring to kill four more of her children .
sarah barrass, 35, pleaded guilty to the murder of tristan barrass, 13, and blake barrass, 14 .
the brothers died in hospital 12 minutes apart after police were called to the shiregreen area of sheffield, south yorkshire, at about 730am on 24 may .
postmortems have been carried out but the results were not given during a hearing on friday at sheffield crown court .
the exact circumstances surrounding the boys' deaths are not yet known .
barrass appeared in the dock alongside her codefendant, brandon machin, 39, a family member .
flanked by three security officers, they pleaded guilty to two counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to murder six children .
the pair also pleaded guilty to five counts of attempted murder during the 20minute hearing .
the conspiracy to murder charges relate to a period between 14 and 20 may .
four of the attempted murder charges relate to four children, including blake and tristan on 23 may .
the fifth count of attempted murder took place on 24 may .
the surviving children are all under the age of 13 .
the judge, jeremy richardson qc, told the pair no words of mine can ever fully reflect the enormity of what you have both done .
the crimes you have committed quite frankly speak for themselves .
the murder of two children .
the attempted murder of four children and the overarching conspiracy to murder those children .
i have little doubt that each of you will in due course be sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment .
it's a matter for the judge where a whole life order is imposed .
they will be sentenced on 12 november .
the vikram lander cannot be found, nasa has announced .
the vikram lander, which went so close to the moon and lost communication, cannot be found, nasa has announced .
recently the isro launched the chandrayaan2 spacecraft to research the moon's south pole .
it was scheduled to land the vikram lander on the surface of the moon on the early morning of september 7 .
but at a distance of 21 kilometres from the moon, communication between the vikram lander and the isro control room was lost .
following this, in the images sent by the the chandrayaan 2 space shuttle satellite, the vikram lander was found lying on the surface of the moon .
the 14 day lifespan of the vikram lander also ended .
the efforts of the isro scientists to establish communication with it did not yield results until today .
it is considered that due to the vikram lander landing on the moon at a high speed, it might have collided with the surface and that might have caused a malfunction .
subsequently, the vikram lander, weighing 1471 kilograms, might have been damaged when it landed at a speed greater than 200 kilometres per hour .
the isro will be releasing a detailed report on .
what caused the failure of vikram .
meanwhile, america's nasa also tried to find the site where the vikram lander fell .
nasa's satellite has photographed the site where the vikram lander landed .
nasa has announced that the vikram lander cannot be found in the satellite images .
more than 50 thousand antiquities and artifacts have been registered in tamil nadu, the archaeological officer cr gayathri said after participating in a registration of artifacts and awareness camp, she told the reporters .
if there is any object more than 100 years old, drawings, manuscripts more than 75 years old in homes or in companies, they should be registered with the registration officer of the indian archaeological department .
by this, the certificate for that item can be obtained and retained with us .
the awareness camp regarding this was conducted in each town from september 13 to september 28 .
this created awareness about registering antiquities, and other information such as where applications are available .
who will register, where to register are available .
apart from registering the antiquities, they can also be transferred .
they can also be given to others within india .
but they should not be taken abroad .
registering the artifacts with us gives us safety .
it is a matter of pride for us .
so far more than 50,000 antiquities and artifacts have been registered .
and they are continuously being registered .
in this, items including musical instruments, wooden sculptures, toys and stone sculptures more than 100 years old can also be registered, said gayathri .
earlier, this camp was inaugurated by the head of the manuscript department of tanjore tamil university, b jayakumar .
photos of registered ancient archaeological items were displayed in this camp .
they were witnessed by public .
people are being cheated by cheats and liars, the founder of pattali makkal katchi, ramadoss has informed .
he said this while speaking at a public meeting at ranipettai in vellore district .
pmk founder ramadoss was congratulated last night for continuously criticising the government for splitting vellore district into three .
ramadoss participated in that event and delivered a sarcastic speech .
only the pmk has first voiced the problems of the people of vellore district and neither the dmk nor other parties has conducted agitations to the level of the pmk, he said .
he also informed that the dmk is concerned only about capturing the votes of people and about capturing power, not about people .
he further added that people have failed to remember the agitations conducted by the pmk for the problems of the people of vellore instead, they voted for the opposition, believing their lies .
questioning why you people are forgetting the pmk, which is waiting to work for the people, and being cheated by liars, assured the people, will surely get good returns if they follow the pmk .
he further added that he struggles for this tamil community, holding a stick, even if he is unable to walk in his old age, and informed that they don’t have their roots in kodambakkam but they are the agricultural community .
various events are being implemented throughout the district for the national development programme that is a part of the event let's unite for the country that is being implemented today 26th for the fourth day in pathulai district .
various eventrelated programmes in connection with drug eradication, village power, and encouraging women involved in small business ventures took place in pathulai district secretariat that were jointly organised by the pathulai divisional secretary office and district secretariat .
the event of detailing teachers of government schools under drug eradication programme was headed by the psychological advisor of the president's drug eradication division and navy lieutenant anuradha jayasinghe .
during this event he pointed out that the country is facing problems from drug abuse on a massive scale, so teachers have a great responsibility in rescuing the youth community which is supposed to contribute to the country, and that three percent of women are spoilt by drugs .
the president's secretariat undertook the event of detailing those belonging to village power agency in village officer sections within the pathulai divisional secretariat .
apart from commencing in village officer sections in ilukthenne, hinnarangkoda in pathulai district under village power programme, today this programme has been successfully implemented in 9 village officers sections .
under this, farmers have been given chicks and agricultural implements, and steps have been taken to start a centre to sell farm products .
with an aim to encourage and improve the efficiency and thinking of women entrepreneurs carrying out small business ventures, a training session arranged by pathulai divisional secretariat was also held with contributions from the ministry of social promotion of primary handicraft, women and childr affairs, and ministry of drought zone development .
the aim of this is to provide knowledge about how to overcome problems and obstacles and how to be successful while undertaking business activities .
as a part the national development programme let's unite for the country, such programmes are conducted throughout pathulai district .
the programme includes activities such as providing primary knowledge regarding business ventures, like starting a business, methods to establish contacts with management and financial institutions while conducting business and also providing them the necessary support for conducting business successfully .
women members from women associations conducting small business ventures took part in this event in large numbers .
boris johnson referred to police watchdog over friendship with businesswoman jennifer arcuri .
the independent office for police conduct will now assess whether the prime minister should be investigated for the criminal offence of misconduct in public office while he was mayor of london .
the greater london authority gla said in a statement that the authority's monitoring officer had recorded a conduct matter against the prime minister over allegations ms arcuri received favourable treatment because of her friendship with him .
a conduct matter exists where there is information that indicates that a criminal offence may have been committed, it said .
it does not mean that this is proved in any way .
the iopc will now consider if it is necessary for the matter to be investigated .
the issue has been referred to the iopc, which deals with complaints against police forces in england and wales .
it was referred to the watchdog because mr johnson at the time held the post equivalent to a police and crime commissioner .
mr johnson has denied any wrongdoing in relation to his friendship with ms arcuri .
earlier he said that he would comply with an order by the london assembly to provide details of his links with ms arcuri, although he insisted they were barking up the wrong tree .
it follows a report by the sunday times that ms arcuri, an american who moved to london seven years ago, was given £126,000 in public money and was treated to privileged access to three foreign trade missions led by mr johnson while he was mayor .
the government has since frozen a £100,000 grant to ms arcuri's company, hacker house, pending a review .
it is facing embarrassing questions about the verification process carried out before awarding the money .
digital minister matt warman told the commons that his department had done the usual due diligence and that the company had a british phone number .
however, numerous reports said calls to the number were directed to an office in california, where ms arcuri, 34, is said to now be based .
pm's friendship with businesswoman 'was open secret among staff' .
the move by the gla to refer the prime minister to the independent office for police conduct has met with anger from no 10 .
a senior government source said it was a politically motivated attack and that the timing on the eve of the conservative party conference was overtly political .
no evidence of any allegations has been provided by the monitoring officer nor was the pm given any opportunity to respond to the monitoring officer prior to the publishing of a press release late on a friday night, the source said .
the public and media will rightly see through such a nakedly political putup job .
earlier today, the standard was told mr johnson's close friendship with the californian entrepreneur helped by london's tourism and promotions agency was an open secret among its staff .
former officials at the agency, london partners lp, recalled how ms arcuri was given places on foreign trade trips led by mr johnson in his time as mayor despite her companies being regarded as not credible by some at the time .
third man charged with drug counts in mac miller's death .
los angeles ap a third man has been arrested and charged with drug offenses in connection with rapper mac miller's overdose death last year .
court documents show stephen walter is suspected of selling counterfeit oxycodone pills laced with fentanyl that miller possessed before he died last september of an accidental overdose of cocaine, alcohol and fentanyl, a powerful opioid contributing to an epidemic that's claimed thousands of lives in the us .
walter is accused of being the source of the pills that another man, cameron pettit, sold to miller .
court documents unsealed tuesday say pettit kept getting drugs from walter through august .
ryan reavis, who was arrested earlier this week in lake havasu city, arizona, is accused of serving as walter's runner who delivered the pills to pettit .
none of the men have been directly charged with miller's death or have entered pleas in their cases .
walter, who is on supervised release in a 2005 drug case, is in custody and has already been ordered to serve five months in prison for violating the terms of his release .
prosecutors handling the case, which was first reported thursday by celebrity website tmz, are asking that walter remain in custody while he awaits trial, calling him a serious flight risk .
a phone message left with his lawyer wasn't immediately returned .
pettit was charged in federal court on sept 4, and his attorney has declined to comment .
miller's rhymes included frank discussion of his depression and drug use, earning him fans among some of the biggest names in hiphop .
the pittsburgh native whose real name was malcolm james myers mccormick was also in a twoyear relationship with singer ariana grande that ended earlier in 2018 .
after his death, she posted an affectionate video of him on her instagram page and released a song, thank u next, that lovingly mentioned him .
miller is among the musicians whose deaths have been linked in recent years to opioid abuse .
matthew roberts, guitarist for the band 3 doors down, also died of an overdose in 2016 and had fentanyl and hydrocodone in his system .
this story has been corrected to show that walter's first name is spelled stephen, not steven .
the chief minister of uttarakhand has informed that those affected by dengue can take 650 grams of paracetamol and you don’t have to take it seriously .
this irresponsible speech of the chief minister has caused a stir in the state .
more than a thousand people have been affected by dengue and are undergoing treatment in uttarakhand so far .
opposition parties including congress are accusing the government of not taking necessary precautionary measures .
in this context, the chief minister of uttarakhand has said that the impact of dengue has been low due to the precautionary measures taken by the government and visited those undergoing treatment in the hospital and enquired about their health .
not stopping with the enquiry about their health, the suggestion given by him has caused stir .
he has told that instead of 500 g of paracetamol, if you take 650 g of paracetamol and rest the dengue will just fly away .
his speech comes at a time when the health officials are advising against self medication for dengue and opt for proper treatment .
the same chief minister has said a few months ago that if you breathe the gas let out by cows, your breathing problem will be cured .
9 year old nigerian builds more than 30 mobile games .
the 9yearold is building a hide and seek game, using a free programming application called scratch 2 .
scratch 2 allows users to create games, animations, and stories online or offline .
so far, basil has used it to generate more than 30 mobile games .
today's game involves a bat he has programmed to hide .
the player gets a point every time he catches the bat when it emerges from its hiding place .
i learned how to build games at a boot camp .
now, i build to keep me busy when i am bored, basil told cnn .
in march, his father signed him up for a fiveday boot camp for children aged 5 to 15 .
the camp, organized by codefest international, was put in place to give children like basil access to emerging technologies like robotics and virtual reality .
growing up, basil used to play a lot of mobile games says his father, basil okpara sr .
i bought him a tablet when he was 4 years old because i saw that he was always grabbing phones to play games with .
he played candy crush and temple run a lot, the father told cnn .
but basil's interest in creating his games grew at age 7 after he got scolded for spending all of his time playing .
there was this day he was on the tablet, as usual, he was so carried away with the game he was playing that i got upset with him, his father said .
out of annoyance, i said to him, 'you are always playing games, can't you think about building your own games so others can play yours too?' .
i was angry when i said it, and i did not know he took it seriously, he added .
since then, basil actively showed interest in learning how to make his own games, prompting his parents to buy him a laptop and register him to learn the first steps of building games .
basil, who wants to be a scientist in the future, titles his games based on what they are about .
one of his games, 'mosquito mash' is available on google play store .
africa has the largest youth population in the world, and like basil, this population is taking the lead when it comes to innovation on the continent .
two nigerian 12yearolds were recently celebrated for using codes to build robots to sort out their house chores .
in may, team acrobot, a ghanaian allgirls high school team won the 2019 robofest competition by programming robots to stack boxes .
and with africa experiencing increased investment from tech giants like google and microsoft, basil and his peers are on their way to becoming future coding stars .
former north carolina gop chair to plead guilty for lying in bribery probe .
a former north carolina gop chairman will admit in court that he lied to federal agents conducting a bribery investigation of a major political donor, according to court documents filed friday .
the federal court docket shows that robin hayes is scheduled to enter a guilty plea next wednesday .
a factual basis document prepared as part of the plea agreement and signed by hayes' attorney said that hayes knew he was making false statements to fbi agents conducting the bribery probe in 2018 .
the actual plea agreement is sealed, and the factual basis doesn't specify which charges he'll plead guilty to .
he was initially charged with conspiracy, bribery and making false statements .
prosecutors have accused hayes, a former congressman, of involvement in an insurance executive's plan to funnel campaign contributions to the state's top insurance regulator in exchange for special treatment .
the executive, greg lindberg, and two of his associates have been charged with attempting to bribe state insurance commissioner mike causey .
lindberg is an insurance and investment firm founder who has been among the state's top political donors in recent years, giving more than 5 million to state and federal candidates and committees since 2016 .
he favored republican causes and politicians, but also gave to democrats .
his attorney did not respond to an email seeking comment friday .
a defense attorney for hayes, kearns davis, didn't respond to an email friday seeking further comment .
the court documents filed friday state that hayes lied to fbi agents in august 2018 when he said he had never had conversations with causey about staff at the state department of insurance .
but hayes had in fact spoken to the insurance commissioner about lindberg's request to make personnel changes within the regulator's agency, according to the factual basis document .
prosecutors have said that hayes also helped lindberg request a meeting with causey and that hayes discussed the bribe directly with the regulator .
an indictment unsealed in april alleges that lindberg wanted special treatment for his insurance businesses and planned to funnel up to 2 million for causey's 2020 reelection campaign .
the scheme involved a request to replace a department official who had been examining a lindberg company, according to the indictment .
causey, a republican, reported the alleged attempted bribe to federal investigators and helped them build their case .
he faces no charges .
the indictment states that an associate of lindberg's directed hayes to transfer 250,000 to causey's reelection campaign during a conversation that also included lindberg and causey .
hayes initially protested, saying that moving so much money would draw attention, but eventually relented during the conversation, according to the indictment .
whatever you all want to do, we'll do, hayes said, according to the indictment .
alright, i'll get er done .
a spokeswoman for the federal prosecutor's office didn't respond to an email seeking further information about the plea agreement .
facebook to hide number of likes in trial aimed at improving users' wellbeing .
some facebook users will soon no longer see the number of likes, reactions and video views on other's posts in a worldfirst trial aimed at boosting users' wellbeing .
instead, likes will be private and only visible to the post's author in a change that follows a similar test on instagram which started in july in australia .
the new facebook trial, which begins on friday, will also kick off in australia .
facebook australia's director of policy mia garlick said the change was based on wellbeing research and feedback from mental health professionals that the number of likes can cause social comparison .
we've had really positive feedback from a lot of the antibullying groups and mental health organisations that we work with, garlick said .
it really is just taking that number out of the equation, so that people can focus on the quality of their interactions and the quality of the content rather than on the number of likes or reactions .
it's hoped that people will be more comfortable with sharing on the platform rather than feeling like it's a competition, she said .
garlick assured businesses who rely on facebook they will still receive all the same metrics and insights they previously accessed .
she said it was too early to say if the test would roll out to other countries like instagram's trial has in australia, canada, brazil, new zealand, japan, italy and ireland .
as with instagram, which is owned by facebook, there is no indication of when the trial will end or if the change will be made permanent .
we have had some initial positive feedback from the public about the experience on instagram, but we're still just learning and listening to feedback at this stage, she said .
on being the world's training ground garlick said australia has very active techsavvy users of facebook and instagram .
we think this is a great country where we can get some really good feedback about whether this is a valuable experience for people on our services or not .
every man is grateful to his parents for raising him .
the sacrifice of parents in raising their children cannot be measured .
as per the shastras, just as helping them during their lifetime is needed, they should continue to be grateful even after their death .
for this they have created rites for their dead ancestors .
these are called many names, such as tharpanam, ancestral duties and ancestral rites .
since this needs to be done with due diligence carefully without forgetting with sense of gratitude on the ritual date of the month in which they were dead, this is also called chirartham .
this is mentioned in thiruvalluvar's thirukkural as by dutiful house holders aid, god, manes, kin, self and guests are served .
the kin mentioned here refers to dead ancestors .
since the world of the ancestors is in the south, their world is referred to as the southern world .
though there are many days earmarked for offering rituals, it essential to offer rituals at least on the new moon day every month .
a few people offer their rituals only in the tamil months of thai and aadi .
in case you have not offered anything to the dead ancestors so far, it is very auspicious to start it on mahalaya new moon day .
it is believed that all our ancestors visit our earth together then .
sesame, water, replicas of our body, rice, bananas and meals are used for offerings .
the shastras say that these will be eaten by the angels and they will hand them over to our ancestors .
it is believed that the ancestors who visit the earth to see their children return back to their world on that day .
having a bath on the banks of theerthas on that, and sending them off by worshipping them will keep the family wealthy and will help the offsprings to survive for generations .
who is nancy pelosi, the person to set the deadline for american president trump? .
this is the second time that nancy pelosi has been selected as speaker of the united states house of representatives .
she holds many honours, including being the only member to be sworn in as speaker for a second term and the only female member to hold the highest position in the american constitution .
nancy pelosi is an unknown face to a world which is only familiar with the first ladies of the white house, such as eleanor roosevelt, hillary clinton, michelle obama and melania trump .
pelosi opposed america's policy in iraq .
she was the pioneer in guiding the health care scheme of former president barack obama .
between united nations meetings, indian prime minister narendra modi met iranian president hassan rouhani and had discussions .
this meeting gains importance in the wake of iran's conflict with america .
through this meeting, a clear message has been sent that india will not make any compromise in its independent external policy under the pressure of other countries including america .
the prime minister's office had tweeted regarding the meeting between the two leaders .
the spokesperson for the external affairs ministry raveesh kumar informed that the two leaders discussed mutual cooperation and regional conditions .
prime minister modi had gone on a trip to the iranian capital tehran during may 2016 with a view of strengthening the relationship with iran and extending india's ties with western asia .
during that trip, india and iran signed almost a dozen agreements, among which the development of chabahar port is an important agreement .
then india, iran and afghanistan signed a tripartite agreement for the transportation of goods through the port .
rouhani visited india in february 2018 .
he became the first iranian president to visit india in a decade .
during his visit several agreements were made between the two countries .
in the last few days, prime minister modi and american president donald trump had met twice .
the tension between america and iran has been on the rise since the america's sanctions on iran .
america has imposed sanctions on iran regarding its nuclear programme .
due to the america's sanctions, india has also stopped importing petroleum products from iran .
iran is the third biggest supplier of oil after iraq and saudi arabia .
though india has compromised on that issue, india had not made a compromise in meeting with the iranian president .
sri lanka airlines gives concessions to armed forces .
the united national airline sri lanka airlines has made arrangements for armed forces going on foreign trips to carry items weighing five kilograms free of cost as per the request of military commander lieutenant general savendra silva, while he was the chief of staff .
the regional manager of sri lanka airlines mr jayantha abesinghe, regional manager for sri lanka and india mr deepal ballegangoda, mand state travel manager and business executive mr saamara heitiarachi met the ilitary commander lieutenant general savendra silva at the military headquarters yesterday morning 26th .
during this meeting the airlines officials discussed matters about the concessions with the military commander .
this concession will be given to the military personnel while travelling during private holidays, trainings, conferences and workshops .
lieutenant general savendra silva made this request to sri lanka airlines in august 2019 considering the military soldiers need to carry essential parts and needs with them, apart from the free 30 kg of personal items they are allowed to carry, while they travel to foreign countries for training studies .
accordingly sri lanka airlines has made arrangements to allow all armed forces going to thailand, malaysia, singapore, china, india, pakistan and other south asian countries to carry 5 kg of free items from july 30 2019 .
during this meeting, the military commander expressed his heartfelt thanks for the cooperation of sri lanka airlines .
later the concession agreement documents were handed over to the military commander by the officials of the airlines .
why can't we provide a separate reservation for government schools in government medical colleges, madras high court has asked the government of tamil nadu .
since 207 seats allotted for nonresident indians in private medical colleges in tamil nadu are vacant, they were handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran has filed a case in high court of madras seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer vp raman who appeared on behalf of the indian medical council said in his argument, after three phases of counselling, if there is any vacancy of the seats allotted for nonresident indians, a list will be sent in the ratio of 10 students per seat to the concerned college .
the college has to fill that list based on appropriate rules .
but it is not known it was filled based on that list .
the additional general solicitor arvinth pandiyan in his argument said that only the list regarding the vacant seats will be sent to the concerned college .
the vacant seats have to be filled only based on merit .
but how the colleges fill them is not clear .
the supreme court also has not passed any orders regarding this .
so this court should issue appropriate orders regarding filling seats allotted for nonresident indians .
the lawyer velmurugan who appeared on behalf of the petitioner said that all the 207 seats that were vacant were sold to students with low marks for high rates .
the justices who intervened at that time said why do people select private schools when it comes to schooling but select government colleges when it comes to medical courses? why can't there be a special reservation for government school students in medical colleges? is it enough to send the vacancy list alone? don’t you need to check how they are filled? .
government doctors here receive a lower salary than teachers, even less than my assistant .
we consider this as an injustice rendered to the doctors .
we order to include the 10 private colleges in tamil nadu as defendants in this case .
they ordered these colleges to submit details regarding the list of students admitted in the seats allotted for nonresident indians and the marks scored by them before 15th october .
brother jailed for life for pakistan social media star qandeel baloch's honour killing .
qandeel baloch, who shot to fame for her social media photos, was strangled in july 2016 .
the brother of pakistani social media star qandeel baloch was on friday convicted of her murder and sentenced to life in prison in the patriarchal country's highestprofile honour killing .
baloch, who shot to fame for her risque selfies tame by western standards, but considered provocative in deeply misogynistic pakistan was strangled in july 2016 .
her brother muhammad waseem was arrested .
days later he told a press conference that he had no remorse over what he did, saying that of course he had murdered his sister and that her behaviour had been intolerable .
his lawyer, sardar mehmood, told afp the court in the eastern city of multan had found his client guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment, in a longawaited verdict .
inshallah god willing, he will be acquitted by a high court, he said .
earlier, baloch's mother anwar mai told afp she had hoped her son would be acquitted .
he is innocent .
she was my daughter and he is my son, she said .
baloch's murder made international headlines and reignited calls for action against an epidemic of socalled honour killings, in which a victim usually a woman is murdered for flouting patriarchal social codes .
women have been burned, shot, stabbed and strangled for offences such as choosing their own husband or in baloch's case bringing shame on their family by celebrating their sexuality .
the killings are usually carried out by a close relative .
under pakistan's qisas blood money and diyat retribution law, they can then seek forgiveness from a victim's relatives .
three months after baloch's murder, parliament passed new legislation mandating life imprisonment for honour killings .
however, whether a murder is defined as a crime of honour is left to the judge's discretion, meaning that killers can theoretically claim a different motive and still be pardoned .
in baloch's case, her parents initially insisted their son would be given no absolution .
but, heartbroken at the thought of losing him also, they changed their minds and said they wanted him to be forgiven .
international revulsion at the killing had seen the pakistani state take the unprecedented step of declaring itself an heir alongside the parents, however, forcing the case to move ahead .
some of baloch's betterknown actions included offering to perform a striptease for the pakistani cricket team, and donning a plunging scarlet dress on valentine's day .
she attracted criticism and threats but was perceived by many, including young people, as breaking new ground in a country where presenting yourself as a kim kardashianlike figure can be seen as a bold, political act of women's empowerment .
the roots of honour killings lie in tribal social norms, which remain prevalent across south asia and dictate the behaviour of women in particular, though men can be victims too .
we have gradually lost underground water .
only now have we started realising the importance of palm trees .
so a palm seed festival is now becoming popular throughout tamil nadu among social activists and young people .
an organisation named prabakaran revolutionary seed movement in annavasal, pudukkottai has been working actively since 2015 .
many youths in the pudukkottai, trichy, salem, and thanjavur districts in tamil nadu are members of this organisation .
all of them are graduates serving in various jobs .
however, kindled by their concern for the motherland, these youths are actively involved in various activities such as tree planting, conserving water bodies, and preserving and restoring old historical sites .
during cyclone gaja relief works, they went in search of palm seeds, collecting and planting them in various parts of tamil nadu and donating them to the poor .
the youths coordinating the prabakaran revolutionary seeds movement are familiar to me .
mr edison, one of the organisers, spoke to me about their activities .
a west bengal elephant dies miserably! .
animal welfare activists who spoke about this said “this track was converted into a broadgauge track in 2004 .
since then more trains are operating on this track .
since the number of trains has increased, the number of elephant deaths has also increased .
this area has been an elephant corridor .
we brought to the attention of railway officials that operating trains at high speed causes the death of elephants caught in accidents .
after that, it was ordered to operate trains slowly in this area .
so the number of accidents also came down .
now trains are operating at high speeds again in this area .
we are requesting the construction of railways elsewhere .
the railway authorities of north east railway who spoke about this said “the train route passes through forest .
it has been ordered to operate trains slowly while crossing this area .
the order to operate slowly throughout 24 hours is in force .
studies are being undertaken in the forest area .
discussions are also in place to reduce the speed of the trains” .
a committee comprising 3 members has also been formed to investigate trains operating in that area .
the accident spot is in 45 angle .
the train driver sustained injuries and he is under treatment .
maternity assistance to be given to pregnant ladies in tamil nadu has been stopped and has not been given for the past year, say social activists .
the dr muthulakshmi reddy maternity benefit scheme was started by the department of health on behalf of health and family welfare for the benefit of poor pregnant women .
after registering their names within 12 weeks of becoming pregnant, in the maternity benefit scheme, after providing details including aadhar card and bank account number to the village and city nurses and receiving a picme number, rs 4,000 is credited in the bank account .
subsequently, before the end of the 4th month rs 4000 is provided as the 2nd instalment .
rs 4000 is given as the 3rd instalment after delivering the child in a government hospital, at end of pregnancy and during vaccination the 4th instalment of rs 4000 and rs 2000 at the end of 9 months for the child totalling rs 18000 is given as financial aid .
similarly in order to improve the physical ability of the women during pregnancy, a nutrition kit consisting of iron tonic, dry dates, protein biscuits, ghee, albendazole tablets and khadi towels is provided .
this scheme was implemented to enable pregnant ladies to deliver healthy children and take care of them properly .
this scheme was very effective for middle class and poor pregnant ladies .
for more than one year, the maternity assistance given to pregnant ladies has not been provided properly and has been stopped .
when speaking about this social activists say “the financial assistance of rs 18 thousand that has been given by the public health and family welfare department has not been given for over 13 months .
this affects the maternal and child healthcare during pregnancy .
this has created a situation of taking loans to maintain the child .
with only the nutrition kit given, the allowance has not been credited in the bank account so far .
on enquiring the officials of health department about this they said that the central government has not granted the amount for the first instalment .
after the central government pays rs 2 thousand as the first instalment, the remaining assistance of rs 16 thousand will be credited step by step .
but whether the tamil nadu government has properly registered the applications of the pregnant ladies who have applied for maternity assistance itself is a question mark, they informed .
hence, the government should take immediate steps to give the pregnancy assistance which has been pending for more than one year .
sathyapratha sahu holds discussions with district election officers .
yesterday chief election commissioner sathyapratha sahu held discussions through video conferencing with the officers in charge of conducting elections in vikravandi and nanguneri assembly constituencies where the byelections are scheduled .
this discussion took place in the video conferencing arena of the tamil nadu election commission in the secretariat .
in the vikravandi constituency, district election officer and collector mr l subramanian and other election officials took part in the discussion .
the officials conducting elections in nanguneri constituency participated on its behalf .
during this discussion with the officials conducting elections, the chief election commissioner enquired about various aspects including the number of electronic voting machines in stock, sensitive booths, the need for the central police force, additional police security, and vehicle checks .
higher officials including additional chief election commissioner rajaraman and joint chief election commissioner jacob attended this meeting .
this discussion about byelections was followed by a discussion with all district collectors and the chennai municipal commissioner regarding the voter list verification process .
during the discussion sahu informed that so far 934 lakh voters have uploaded their details through the website .
he urged the collectors to involve women's selfhelp groups in the voter list verification process and to advertise this scheme, making more voters involved in this process .
later the chief election commissioner of tamil nadu spoke to the news reporters yesterday .
during the interview, he said .
we are releasing the details regarding the candidates filing their nominations for contesting in the vikravandi and nanguneri byelections on the election commission's website .
we are removing the advertisements that violate the code of conduct for elections .
so far 215 posters wall posters have been removed .
8 cases were filed in connection with this .
so far we have not seized any objects or money for travelling without documents .
the madras high court has passed a few orders regarding banners and posters .
it already has its own rules, laws and court orders .
the district election officials will enforce them strictly .
general observers will come only after the filing of nominations is over .
in vikravandi constituency alone we have formed 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer committee and are at work .
outside vikravandi constituency, there are 30 flying squads, 30 monitoring committees, 2 video shooting units and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout villupuram district .
in nanguneri constituency alone 9 flying squads 3 shifts, 9 monitoring committee, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer committee are at work .
outside nanguneri constituency, there are 27 flying squads, 27 monitoring committees, 1 video shooting unit and 1 video observer unit at work in other constituencies throughout tirunelveli district .
due to rain in the sathuragiri hills, pilgrims were denied permission to trek for 30 minutes .
for the past few days, pilgrims were allowed to trek to the sathuragiri sundaramahalingam temple for the mahalaya new moon day .
with pilgrims trekking on the hills yesterday morning at 600 am after the forest department check, at around 1130 am clouds gathered and there was a possibility of raini .
so the pilgrims, who were worshipping, came down immediately .
as it started raining at 200 pm, the pilgrims were temporarily stopped from trekking to the hill .
due to the rain which lasted for about 30 minutes, there was less water flow along the hill's waterways .
with the pilgrims being allowed to trek again after the rain stopped, around 800 pilgrims returned back after worshipping .
with the number of pilgrims increasing as it is mahalaya new moon day today, the forest department has announced that the pilgrims will be stopped in case of rain and will be allowed again after the rain stops .
the president of sri lankan private bus association kemunu vijeratne has informed that based on the needs of passengers, important streets were identified and accordingly buses are pressed into service .
he also said that 3,200 buses have been pressed into service for the convenience of passengers .
the sri lankan transport board has announced that the buses have been pressed into service considering the transport needs of the people going to native places during the weekend .
the sri lankan transport board has further announced that sufficient numbers of buses have been pressed into service considering the convenience of the passengers travelling to their native places today .
these measures were taken jointly by the traffic commission, the private bus owners association and the sri lankan transport board .
the secretary of transport and civil flight services ministry lb jayampathi has informed that travelling in buses belonging to sri lankan transport board using railway season tickets is allowed from yesterday onwards .
while speaking about this, the president of the traffic commission janakamalli marachi informed that permission has been granted to carry on local bus services irrespective of the time schedule .
in the meantime, the railway department has informed that it was able to add 12 trains to the service up to today afternoon, in spite of the strike by railway employees .
lawlessness double displaced from nw nigeria to 40,000 unhcr .
worsening violence has doubled the number of people displaced from northwest nigeria to some 40,000 over the past four months, the united nations said on friday .
the un's refugee agency said the turmoil had created a new humanitarian emergency that would require a fresh interagency fundraising effort of 355 million by the end of the year .
unhcr spokesman babar baloch said boko haram, the islamist group that has waged a decadelong insurgency in the north of the country, was not responsible for the latest attacks .
rather, the upsurge of violence in the past 10 months in sokoto, zamfara and katsina states in nigeria was the work of organized armed groups .
it paints a horrible picture of lawlessness and insecurity, he told journalists on friday .
he said there were frequent reports of kidnapping, torture, extortion, murder and sexual violence by attackers who also destroy homes and steal property .
military and police have been deployed to tackle criminal gangs in the region .
but the military is stretched from fights against boko haram and islamic state's west africa branch, which split from the former group in 2016 .
the refugees are not coming with names of groups, he said .
what they are coming with are horrific accounts .
those fleeing are mostly crossing into neighboring niger .
in a statement, the unhcr said it expected more to flee to niger in the coming months as the security situation, particularly in sokoto state, deteriorates .
new trial date set for man accused of killing woman, 2 kids .
a new trial date has been scheduled for a guatemala man accused of killing an iowa woman and her two children .
polk county district court records say 31yearold marvin escobarorellana is charged with three counts of firstdegree murder under what authorities say was a false name he initially gave to police marvin esquivellopez .
he's pleaded not guilty .
police say he fatally shot 29yearold rossibeth floresrodriguez, her 11yearold daughter and 5yearold son on july 16 in a des moines home .
court records show the new trial date of jan 27 will give attorneys for both sides more time to prepare .
us immigration and customs enforcement officials have said escobarorellana is in the united states illegally and had twice been deported before the shooting .
he was convicted in 2010 of illegal entry into the us .
boris johnson faces cabinet revolt to lower brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with brussels the sun .
with just three weeks to go until a showdown eu leaders' summit, fears are growing around the pm's top table that he is running out of time to win major concessions .
boris johnson is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu .
negotiators are deadlocked over a new customs system to replace the irish backstop, with brussels branding mr johnson's alternative arrangements proposals as unworkable .
senior ministers expect eu power brokers led by germany's angela merkel to offer the embattled tory leader a last minute compromise, such as a three year time limit on the backstop .
the sun has spoken to three different cabinet ministers, who are all preparing to confront him after the tories annual conference in manchester next week .
they will demand he abandons the aggressive strategy devised by senior aide dominic cummings to try to bluff the eu with the threat of no deal, and insist he accepts the eu's last minute offer .
one cabinet minister dubbed the crushing supreme court verdict to end parliament's suspension on tuesday as a wakeup call, adding a deal is the only way we can leave on october 31 now .
we're never going to beat the numbers in the commons, and they are against us .
the pm has to lean in now and take what he can get .
being aggressive doesn't work, the cummings plan has clearly failed .
we just can't fight battles on so many fronts .
a second cabinet minister has vowed to tell mr johnson to try to push through expm theresa may's deal if all else fails .
that senior minister added i will tell boris to put theresa's deal back to the commons if i have to .
the numbers are there for it now, everyone is desperate to end this .
it's all over for boris and it's all over for all of us if we're forced to extend .
sir john major accused boris of not taking the negotiation seriously .
in a withering speech, the former tory premier said the prime minister tells us he wishes to have a deal with europe .
but we don't see him sitting down in brussels, hammering out an agreement .
instead, we do see him wrestling with bulls in scotland inspecting eggs in wales and arguing with the public in high streets for all the world as if an election campaign was already in full swing .
the pm's spokesman yesterday admitted a deal was still far off, saying no one should be under any illusion there is a very long way to go if we are to secure a deal .
but the spokesman also said the benn act to enforce a three months delay if there is no deal was actively undermining our negotiating position in brussels .
he said there is no doubt that it has hindered our negotiating position but the prime minister and colleagues through hard work have continued to try and make progress in the face of that piece of legislation .
brexit secretary stephen barclay goes back to brussels today for more talks with the eu's michel barnier .
they will discuss a paper on how an allireland zone on food and livestock would work .
ministers rb udhayakumar and benjamin conducted a review meeting for officials from all departments regarding flood prevention precautionary measures in view of the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
this review meeting was held in the meeting hall in the kanchipuram district collector office .
additional chief secretary for revenue and disaster management department and revenue administration commissioner sathyagopal, additional chief secretary and disaster management department official athulya mishra, kanchipuram district superintendent santhosh k mishra, and district collector ponnaiah took part in this meeting .
the minister of the revenue department rb udhayakumar said in his speech .
in kanchipuram district 50 zonal committees have been formed in view of the northeast monsoon .
to monitor the functioning of these committees 19 subcollectors, 33 technical officers and, to coordinate the above teams, supervising officials at the rank of district revenue officer have been appointed .
in kanchipuram district 515 areas have been identified as being prone to flood damage, based on the areas affected during the 201518 heavy rains .
among them, 149 are classified as the most affected areas, 166 as moderately affected areas and 116 as least affected areas .
for the people living in these areas, 3666 persons including 1153 women are appointed as primary care takers .
these primary care takers are provided enough training and advice regarding the measures to be taken during monsoon season .
also details about 374 snake charmers, 132 swimmers and 166 red cross volunteers have been collected .
the details of 108 primary care takers have also been collected to protect the animals in the affected areas .
the people above will immediately go to the floodaffected areas and take part in rescue measures .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department .
to provide shelter to floodaffected people, 3 multi purpose care centres, 20 storm shelters, 352 temporary shelters and 90 livestock shelters are kept ready .
as a precautionary measure against the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district, through the public works department, rural development department, municipality administration and town panchayat department, adequate equipment is kept in stock to prevent flood damage in addition, sand bags numbering 1 lakh 47 thousand and 10, 1 lakh and 7300 casuarina logs, 313 jcbs, 256 water pumping motors, 29 fibre boats, 175 electric saws, 54 electric cutters and other equipment are kept ready .
upon the suggestion given by the chief minister of tamil nadu, adequate arrangements are being made to store rain water during 2019 the northeast monsoon in kanchipuram district .
and we will prevent the flood damages completely .
appropriate measures are being taken by the district administration to protect the loss of any lives or materials through flood protection measures and by finding out the risk of floods and providing immediate suitable solutions .
also 909 public works department lakes and 968 rural development department lakes are being inspected and monitored continuously by the officials of the concerned department, he said .
many people including district party secretaries chitlapakkam s sridhar, kanchipuram subcollector of saravanan, kanchipuram municipal commissioner mahendran, and district mineral resources department assistant director r perumal raja participated in this programme .
not ready to carry out any scheme that harms the principles and policies of the freedom party .
the president today 29 said that the sri lanka freedom party is not ready to carry out any programme that puts the future of the party members into question, harming the principles and purpose of sri lanka freedom party, during the kurunakal district conference of the sri lanka freedom party .
the president who spoke further said that though the sri lanka freedom party has met many setbacks in history, the party has not faced decline due to the people friendly activities of the party .
the president said that it is unacceptable if anybody comments that the freedom party is weak and in the coming elections, any candidate who wants to win in the presidential elections and become the president needs the cooperation of the sri lanka freedom party, and it is the sri lanka freedom party that is in a position to determine the future president .
the president informed that as per the prevailing constituency, instead of selecting a weak president in the future, the goal of the sri lanka freedom party is to capture the parliament in 2020 by building a powerful government .
the president said that he is planning to reach that goal through a coalition government instead of competing alone, and also informed that to guide the country which was destroyed by corrupt politicians towards a new path, the goal of the new government is to build a society that is free of bribery, corruption and dominated by democracy and freedom and a country that does not bow to foreign powers .
the president who informed that the conflict within the new government is not a personal issue between him and the prime minister but a conflict between corruption and bribery, that can also be described as a conflict between fraudulent new government policy and the peoplefriendly politics of sri lanka freedom party's bandaranaike .
the president who said that he took steps to remove the prime minister from that post and to appoint mahinda rajapakse and that it is not his problem that they are unable to act on the matters under their responsibility, also informed that mahinda rajapakse acting as opposition leader today and the members of podujana peramuna sitting in parliament is based on the letter given by the secretary of the united people's freedom alliance to the speaker .
the president said that the sri lanka freedom party which is not subjected to dirty political accusation will retain the identity, dignity and adoring in the future and will serve the country and the people with dedication .
the kurunakal district conference which was conducted as a part of nationwide district conference series was held today with the grand participation of a majority of party members at hettipola general market complex today 29th .
many senior members of the party including the senior vice president of the sri lanka freedom party nimal siripala de silva, general secretary dhayasiri jeyasekara, general secretary of the united people's freedom alliance mahinda amaraveera, national coordinator dhumintha dissanayake, lasantha azhakiyavanna and upper north state governor pesala jayaratne took part in this event .
lorraine kelly i was told i'd never make it in tv with a glasgow accent .
lorraine kelly revealed that tv bosses told her she would never make it as a presenter because of her glaswegian accent .
looking back on 35 years in broadcasting, kelly, 59, recalled how she felt very nervous ahead of her first appearance on screen .
i was only 25 and very nervous, she said .
i had been working as a researcher at bbc scotland and been told by the big boss that i would never make it in tv because of my glasgow accent .
i went down to london to meet all of the tvam team and see the show being broadcast, before taking over at the glasgow office .
i will never forget, anne diamond and mike morris were interviewing the icon that is bette davis that morning .
i couldn't believe that i was in the same room as a living legend .
i knew this was where i wanted to be .
kelly started her career as a local newspaper reporter in east kilbride, scotland before becoming a scottish correspondent for tvam in 1984 .
she went on to host shows including gmtv, itv breakfast and daybreak before launching her eponymous morning programme lorraine .
she will mark her 35th anniversary with a special show looking back at her most memorable moments and interviews .
the presenter said that passion and enthusiasm and curiosity were the secret to longevity in tv, adding you have to put in the work .
you have to be honest and authentic .
do your homework and be both interested and interesting .
looking back at the news stories that impacted her emotionally, kelly revealed that reporting on the dunblane massacre was very tough .
i had no idea that many of the families whose children had been killed or wounded were watching our live show from dunblane the day after the horrific killing of sixteen children and their teacher .
one of the mums, pam ross, whose fiveyearold daughter joanna was murdered, asked to see me privately and we ended up talking for hours at her house .
it was all under the radar, i went to joanna's funeral and pam and i have been friends ever since .
she added that interviewing kate and gerry mccann shortly after their daughter madeleine went missing in 2007 was extremely hard and said that she really admired their strength and courage .
they have had to put up with the pain of not knowing what has happened to their beloved daughter, as well as the most appalling trolling online .
my heart goes out to them .
lorraine's 35th anniversary show is on monday, september 30 from 830am on itv .
some officials have taken steps to include a few trains in service amidst a strike by railway union .
2 trains were operating towards colombo fort from silabam and mahava, early this morning .
2 trains were operating till colombo fort from galle .
zimbabwe chiwenga feared trapping .
vicepresident constantino chiwenga turned down an offer by the late president robert mugabe to take over the presidency at the height of the coup as he feared it might be a trap to rubberstamp the military takeover in november 2017, a senior government official has claimed .
as reported by the zimbabwe independent last week, mugabe offered chiwenga to take over the presidency as negotiations between him and the army ensued during the coup .
however, a senior government official said on social media chiwenga did not turn down the offer out of fear, but he was able to see through mugabe's plan to use him to prove to world leaders and the african union au that indeed he had been toppled in a coup .
in a twitter thread which confirmed zimbabwe's 37yearruler was willing to hand over power to chiwenga and not president emmerson mnangagwa, jamwanda 2, whom government officials confirmed was a senior government official in the office of the president and cabinet, said intense negotiations were held at the time over the issue .
government officials said mugabe approached chiwenga through one of his emissaries when he realised power was slipping though his hands .
intercession between the military command element and late former president had three strands, according to the senior government official .
the official said characters involved in the negotiations included presidential spokesperson george charamba, central intelligence organisation then acting boss aaron nhepera and roman catholic bishop cleric fidelis mukonori .
former reserve bank of zimbabwe governor gideon gono was another strand after he was sent by mugabe on a oneman mission with the offer of the presidency to chiwenga who was the zimbabwe defence forces zdf commander .
the man, who in death more than in life has been described as an african icon, tried in vain to get the au to denounce the military operation, while seeking intervention by other african leaders .
offer of presidency to then cdf commander defence forces chiwenga by the late mugabe was not by choice .
it was a desperate act to save the situation which had grown dangerously fastpaced wearing down a part of the late's family, the official jamwanda wrote .
but there was also a bit of political baiting which the late hoped would turn the tables, at the very least diplomatically .
recall that commanders had declared they had not, and would not, overthrow the constitutional order, a development which would have set them on a collision with the au position on coups .
the late mugabe hoped the then cdf chiwenga would swallow the bait, thereby putting paid to claims by commanders they had not overthrown the constitutional order .
the hope for the late mugabe was that the au, which by the way was still very confused by the whole situation and how to fit it within its theoretical taxonomy on coups, would then have no option, but to describe it as a coup, in which case calls for military intervention would then have credence .
that was the spirit and calculation within which the offer was made .
officials said mugabe made the move when he realised that the defence forces were no longer ready to protect him .
they said mugabe was forced to write a resignation letter after the military had warned the strongman that he risked a gadaffistyle lynching .
military bosses told him they would not turn their guns on citizens if they marched to his blue roof residence .
and at that instant mugabe had two desires, to save his family and also to prove that the military had taken over power, the official said .
the then cdf and commanders correctly read the calculation .
the emissary gono of that desperate message was told through a powerful metaphor that isu tiri vemakwapamakwapa we belong to the sect of camouflages, that is, the military we are not politicians or in political competition, the senior government official said .
government officials say the army had communicated to other military bosses in the region through attachés who were in zimbabwe that their intentions were not to topple mugabe, but to deal with criminals around him .
mugabe also tried to use the same strategy to lure mnangagwa back from short exile in south africa so that they could have a discussion on the coup and succession .
apart from negotiating with the army, mugabe also sought help from the region .
the south africans, who were key to the process not least because of their economic and regional power, but also because the then president jacob zuma was the sadc chairperson refused to intervene, but made it clear that if the army had invaded mugabe's house, as they were threatening repeatedly in the background, south african troops would have arrived in harare in no time .
that did not work because putin and african leaders did not prefer that route, a source told the independent .
tablet pcs will be given to all students pursuing higher education in national schools for all students, education minister akila viraj kariyawasam has informed .
the minister made this announcement yesterday during a meeting with reporters at the education ministry .
it has been decided to give tablets to teachers teaching higher education in national schools .
to facilitate this scheme steps have been taken to purchase one lakh tablets .
in its second phase, higher education students and teachers in other schools will also be given tablets .
the education minister also added that this practice has been a great change after the introduction of free education in the country .
china needs strong leadership or will 'crumble,' policy paper says .
china needs the strong, unified leadership of the communist party or the country will crumble, the government said in a policy paper released on friday ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of the people's republic .
china's cabinet news office said in a white paper that the country's success since the communists took power 70 years ago was down to the party's leadership .
china is huge in size, has complex national conditions, and its governance difficulties are rarely seen .
without a unified and strong leadership force, china will move toward division and crumble, bringing disaster to the world, it said .
chinese authorities have long justified a firm fist in dealing with problems, like the crackdown on prodemocracy protests in beijing in 1989, as being necessary for national stability .
strongarm president xi jinping, who will headline the anniversary celebrations of the world's secondbiggest economy on tuesday, has further tightened party rule and cracked down on those who may challenge authority since taking office in late 2012 .
xi has also overseen a military modernization program that has unnerved the region .
china does not seek to export its development model nor want to import any foreign models, seeking only peace and not hegemony, the policy paper said .
the chinese people do not have it in their genes to invade others or dominate the world .
in modern times, china has been bullied by the great powers, war and turmoil have left a deep impression with the suffering caused china will never impose the sufferings it has been through on other peoples .
china is marking the anniversary at a time of uncertainty for the country, which is locked in a bitter trade war with the united states and faces challenges from a slowing economy as well as antigovernment protests in the chinese territory of hong kong .
china will never trade away its core interests and not allow its security and sovereignty to be compromised, the paper said .
the threat of trade wars and the continued increase in tariffs are not conducive to solving problems, it said, in reference to its trade disputes with washington .
china is a mature economy with a complete industrial system, complete industrial chain, broad market space and strong economic development momentum .
it will never be weakened by trade wars, the paper added .
china is confident that it has the ability to face difficulties, turn crises into opportunities, and open up a new world .
the united states should look rationally at china's development, as china has no intention of challenging the united states and does not want to replace the united states, it added .
the united states cannot control china, and it is even more unlikely to stop china's development .
curbing and suppressing other countries and transferring domestic contradictions abroad will not keep the united states strong .
on the first day of dengue, there are common symptoms such as feeling cold, fever, headache and body pain .
the fever becomes severe in the following two days .
there is unbearable pain at the back of the eye and severe body pain that makes it difficult for the sufferer to get up .
as with a fracture, the sufferer is completely paralysed .
the face itself mirrors the effects of dengue .
the face is swollen .
the appearance of red spots on the body is an important symptom of dengue .
it is essential to undergo blood tests like dengue igm and dengue igg .
the blood platelet count of a healthy person should be about 3 lakhs .
if a person is affected by dengue the platelet count may decrease below 20,000 .
therefore a test to determine the blood platelet count of should also be done .
there is no exclusive treatment for dengue fever only the symptoms are treatable .
so it is better to prevent dengue .
navaratri fasting is set to start from today .
fasting for one of the hindus' important festivals, navaratri, is set to start from today .
navaratri is to be observed from the coming 7th onwards .
those who are fasting for all nine days should fast and pray and only then should they eat, and they should also not lie on beds but instead should lie on mats .
on a day if there is star hastham with prime thithi, that day is considered as very auspicious .
it is considered that lord devi gives everything to those who worship her on that day .
on the first three days, one should worship goddess parasakthi requesting bravery and courage .
for the next days, goddess mahalakshmi should be worshipped for those wanting wealth .
on the last three days, lord kalaimagal should be worshipped requesting education, knowledge and artistic knowledge .
on those days, women whose husbands are still alive will be invited home, and they will be considered as goddess parasakthi and will be made to sit near the toy display and given turmeric, kumkum, coins and other offerings .
oil baths are not allowed during the navaratri period .
also stitching is not permitted .
if purattasi saturday fasting coincides on these days, bathing without oil can be taken and fasting can be continued .
oil lighting and worshipping can also be continued .
those who want to undertake navaratri fasting properly should not eat during the day during the first eight days, at night after performing pooja they can eat milk, fruits and snacks, undertake navami upavasa, and on the tenth day of vijayadasami they have to recite prayers before 830 in the morning .
those who are unable to follow this can eat once during the first eight days, and can consume milk and fruits alone on the last day .
there is no other fasting that is as simple and effective as navaratri fasting, says purana .
navaratri fasting is the one that gives everything needed by a man such as wealth, food, long lasting happiness, longevity, health, heaven and salvation .
those who don’t have children will be blessed with children .
if someone is poor in their studies, on observing this fast they will achieve excellence .
those who are unable to worship for the entire nine days can pray to goddess durga on ashtami and sleep throughout the night, goddess durga will safeguard them throughout their lives .
similarly, worshipping the things that we use regularly and books of children, after performing pooja and using them on the next day invokes special blessings .
navaratri worship is something that is carried out for praying to saraswathi, lakshmi and durga, the goddesses of education, wealth and bravery that a man needs in life .
after xi xinping was elected as the president of china for the second time, the communist government further strengthens its grip on muslims .
that is, people thinking of themselves as muslims should live in the country only under the identity of chinese .
they should identify as chinese in all aspects, starting from food habits .
muslims were given a 5year deadline for changing .
the xinping's ambassadors are meeting islamic leaders to explain the government's position and to request their cooperation .
the intention of the chinese government is that uyghur people should lose their real identity and join the national mainstream .
meanwhile, the un human rights commission made a shocking accusation against china, last tuesday .
it accused the chinese government of taking hearts, kidneys, livers and skin from people detained in camps .
china rejected this accusation and said “it is true that the body parts of convicted criminals were cut .
but we stopped that in 2015 the accusation from the un human rights commission is baseless” .
spice girls' mel c bans diet talk at home after eating disorder battle .
spice girl melanie chisholm has admitted diets are banned in her home after her own personal battles with eating disorders which saw her eat nothing but fruit and vegetables for years .
sporty spice spent years undereating and obsessively exercising while dealing with the pressures of being in the globally famous pop group and she was later diagnosed with depression as well as an eating disorder .
now she has revealed that her own experiences affect the way she raises her own daughter, scarlet and that she doesn't ever allow people to speak about diets in our house .
scarlet's 10 years old now and i'm starting to notice that she's more conscious of the way she looks, said mel .
but i think one of the positives of having gone through having an eating disorder is that i'm very conscious of how i speak around her .
that positive language it's habit now .
speaking to women's health magazine, mel, who shot to fame as part of the spice girls in the 1990s, before the rise of social media said that disgusting comments about her in the press led to her body issues .
i started not looking after myself properly, cutting out food groups, and my exercising became more and more obsessive, to the point that i was underweight, she said .
i was unwell and that probably continued for a couple of years .
trial of exathlete accused of multiple rapes goes to jury .
jury deliberations are under way in the rape trial of an exuniversity of delaware baseball player accused of multiple sexual assaults .
jurors began deliberating the fate of 23yearold clay conaway on friday after 10 days of testimony and arguments .
a 21yearold woman says conaway raped her after she drove to his house in june 2018 .
the encounter happened three weeks after the two connected on the online meeting site bumble, and he sent her a nude picture of himself .
she is among six women whom conaway is accused of sexually assaulting between 2013 and 2018 .
prosecutors say the woman objected when consensual cuddling escalated to conway forcing himself on her .
defense attorneys have targeted the woman's conflicting accounts and memory lapses and say she may have regretted being physically intimate .
to reduce the risks of disasters in chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram districts, studies are to be conducted with the technical assistance of the british embassy, revenue minister rb udhayakumar said .
studies will be conducted on behalf of the british embassy regarding reducing the risk of disasters in tamil nadu .
a forum for the officials of the concerned department was held in chennai yesterday .
the revenue minister rb udhyakumar participated and inaugurated the forum .
in the past, disaster management in tamil nadu has relied on relief works .
recently there has been a change in the approach to disaster management to include various elements such as evaluation of disaster risk, risk communication, disaster precaution, mitigation and immediate effective emergency relief measures .
based on this a tamil nadu disaster management vision plan has been released .
the tamil nadu government is implementing various disaster mitigation programmes to achieve the goals mentioned in this visionary scheme that is being developed according to the sendai framework .
furthermore, a government order has been released to carry on a field study to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation, under the technical cooperation entered between the indian government and the british high commission .
based on that, studies were planned to be undertaken to strengthen disaster risk reduction and mitigation in cities with rapidly shrinking natural habitats and large coastal and urban populations such as chennai, cuddalore and kanchipuram, jointly with the technical assistance of the british high commission .
if disaster risk reduction plans are devised based on this study, the number of lives lost during disasters will come down and damage to infrastructure will also be reduced .
thus the minister rb udhayakumar spoke .
prime minister modi visits chennai on the 30th .
the central security officers made an inspection as prime minister modi is scheduled to participate in the guindy iit convocation event .
the 56th convocation event of chennai iit is to be held on the coming 30th .
prime minister modi is the guest of honour at this event and he awards degrees to the students .
the prime minister arrives in a private jet from delhi and later goes to chennai iit in a helicopter .
the helipad at the chennai iit premises has been repaired for this .
intense security arrangements are being made for the prime minister's visit .
meanwhile, the personal security officers of the prime minister arrived in chennai yesterday and conducted an inspection .
they inspected the iit premises, auditorium, and the prime minister's resting hall .
the central intelligence wing warned 3 days ago that terrorists have targeted a few vips including the prime minister in the wake of the kashmir issue .
in such a sensitive situation, additional care has been taken for the prime minister's security .
the delhi officials also held discussions with the police of the tamil nadu security division regarding the security measures .
narendra modi visits chennai for the first time after being sworn in as prime minister for the second time .
so the tamil nadu bharatiya janata party cadres have planned to give him a grand reception .
but they may be banned for security reasons, it is said .
furthermore, the governor, as per the usual norms, along with the chief minister, important bjp executives and very few officials were planned to be allowed to welcome the prime minister .
after delivering his special address, prime minister modi will reach chennai airport in a helicopter and will go to delhi in a private jet .
people from the cinema industry have held discussions with minister kadambur raju in the secretariat regarding the sale of cinema tickets online .
the 2nd consultation meeting between the government, cinema producers and theatre owners regarding the sale of cinema tickets online in tamil nadu was held in the chief secretariat yesterday morning .
this meeting was presided by the tamil nadu minister for information and publicity, kadambur raju .
during his speech kadambur raju said “this project cannot be completed tomorrow .
it will be properly planned and implemented after hearing everyone's views” .
after the meeting actor sv sekar said .
this meeting was held on the subject of having a computerised ticketing facility in all theatres .
so that it will be possible to monitor the sales of all tickets through a single server .
hence, there will be transparency in the cinema industry .
the central government has passed a law mandating online ticket sales .
online ticket sales have been accepted by everyone in the industry .
using such practices, money in the cinema industry will be accounted for .
the fees and tax will obviously be visible .
and in case the government permits theatre owners to convert one theatre into four, multiple films will be released on the same premises .
while speaking to reporters, producer rajan said that the government of tamil nadu is committed to bringing this scheme in order to develop the cinema industry and for the welfare of the public .
the government is going to implement this scheme properly .
everyone should cooperate on this .
at the meeting it was insisted that the government should pass an order to convert theatres with a thousand seats to 4 theatres with 250 seats .
due to various processes including technical facilities needing to be updated, it is not possible to implement online ticket sales in tamil nadu before diwali, he said .
many including additional chief secretary niranjan mardi, chennai metropolitan development authority member karthikeyan, chief secretary of the department of housing and urban development department rajesh lakhoni, tamil nadu egovernance agency secretary santhosh mishra, chief secretary of the revenue department k balachandran, secretary for the tamil development and information department mahesan kasirajan, director of the news and public relations department p shankar, director for the department of urban development chandrasekar sakamuri, additional commissioner for land administration maheswari and tamil cinema producers and theatre owners participated in this meeting .
a lecher who sexually abused his sisterinlaw for four years at gunpoint was arrested .
a sisterinlaw should be considered as a mother .
but a lecher in gurugram near delhi has considered her a wife .
this incident took place in the bajghera area of gurugram .
this woman got married 9 years ago .
she was a mother of 2 children .
her husband's cousin's brother's house is also located near their house .
the women's husbands used to go to work in the morning and return in the evening .
the lecher made it a habit to sneak into the house in this gap .
at one stage he sexually abused the women pointing the gun he had .
he threatened to kill her husband and children if she brought up the matter .
in this situation, the women's husbands came to know about this matter .
shocked, he called the police control room and informed them .
subsequently, the police rushed to the area and arrested the lecher .
the police have filed a case under sections 376 and 506 of indian penal code .
in her statement to the police, the woman has said that because of the threat to kill her children, she did not bring up the matter .
video reveals tourist hotspot as heavily polluted .
surrounded by the opera house, circular quay, luna park and of course the iconic harbour bridge, sydney harbour is the major contributor to the 219 billion sydney tourism pumps into australia's economy each year .
but beneath the bridge lies an ugly truth .
sydney's famous harbour is one of the most polluted waterways in the country, receiving around 15 olympicsize swimming pools of pollutants each year .
this horrific statistic makes one of our greatest tourism drawcards also one of our dirtiest .
according to a new video, titled sydney harbour above and below, the waters around australia's most popular city is filled with cigarette butts, plastic bags and bottles, lost shoes and clothing and even dead animals all coming into the harbour from stormwater runoff .
but the biggest component choking our waterways is plastic .
i would call it a paradox, dr katherine dafforn, deputy director of the sydney harbour research program said in the video, which was released to coincide with world tourism day on september 27 .
it does look beautiful, but it is one of the more modified and polluted estuaries along our coastline .
the csiro estimates around 1560kg of plastic enters our waterways each hour, most of it coming into the harbour through stormwater drains .
after we have some of these really big rainfall events, the harbour it's quite tragic, dr dafforn said .
two thirds of our pollution comes from stormwater runoff .
but like an iceberg, the problem on sydney's harbour is far bigger below the surface, with the seabed receiving 70 per cent of plastics that enter the ocean .
unless you spend time under the water, i don't think you get a true appreciation of what is below there, richard nicholls, owner of dive centre manly said, noting he and his team pull out around 500kg of plastic on their own each year .
i think if more people knew what was under the water they would just be horrified .
overwhelmingly over half of everything we find is plastic bags .
the other 50 per cent is at least made out of plastic .
when you look at the harbour it looks beautiful, and people can't believe that we get all of this plastic and all of this rubbish just under the surface .
jeremy brown, cofounder and managing director of the ocean protect, said there were ways people both locals and visitors alike could help to ease the amount of plastic and debris entering our waterways .
it has to start at the source, he said .
we have to reduce the amount of plastic that we are using, recycle better and be more conscious about what is going down our drains which ultimately ends up in our oceans .
if we ruin the ocean, we are going to kill ourselves because 50 per cent of the oxygen we breathe in comes from the ocean .
it absorbs 30 per cent of carbon dioxide and our food source .
but we can fix this harbour and bring it back to where it was, but it's pretty simple .
if we kill our oceans, we kill ourselves .
the video, which was funded by recycling company tomra as part of their broader efforts to educate australians on protecting the environment and reducing the impact of drink containers that can often end up in nature, coincides with a study about plastic and mental health that was also released this month .
a new survey of 546 children aged 12 to 18 years found 82 per cent felt hopeless about plastic waste and 25 per cent blamed adults for the singleuse plastic waste problem .
the study revealed plastic waste was also the fourth biggest concern for parents, with 93 per cent of 551 parents surveyed saying they are increasingly worried about the level of plastic waste entering the oceans .
many who took part in the study said they wanted to do something about plastic waste but just didn't know how to make a difference, which was leading to ecoanxiety .
archaeologists have found inscriptions of pandyas from the 13th century ad in the pond steps at kovanur near sivaganga .
the head of the ramanathapuram institute of archaeology v rajaguru and archaeologists kollangudi poet kalirasa and ramanathapuram m vimalraj undertook a field study at kovanur region in sivaganga district .
during that, 6 ancient inscriptions were found in the steps of the pond in kovanur .
after reading them all, inscription analyst vrajaguru said .
there are steps in the eastern shore of the pond at the entrance of kovanur and a feeding canal in the north .
in those steps of the pond ancient inscriptions containing a variety of information are seen as 6 pieces .
also, in another inscription a song of maravarman sundarapandiyan who ruled from ad 1216 to ad 1244 with madurai as capital, starting as “poomaruviya thirumatanthayum puvimadanthayaum” is present in 9 lines .
in this, details including the burning of tanjore and uraiyur and the demolition of the palace and hall were recorded .
these inscriptions contain details about thinaikkala nayagam, who manages the tax accounts of the government and the names of other government officials uzhakkudi muthan, veerapanjan, munayaththarayan, azhagana vaanavan, vizhayarayan and vandharayan are also inscribed .
the names of villages like mizhalai kootrathu naduvit kutru, keezh kutru, madhurothaya valanadu, keeranaur nadu, kaagnaiyirukkai and nallur, mizhalai kootrathu thachanur, pullurkkudi, madhurothaya valanattu purappatru and kaagnaiyirukkai uzhakkudi are also mentioned in these inscriptions .
symbols are used in these inscriptions to indicate the land extent of veli and iruma .
letters with long sounds are mostly not seen in the inscriptions .
a word neekki, neekki is seen as long sounding in one inscription and in another inscription is seen as short sounding as nikki, nikki .
apart from this, ancient black and red pottery tiles are found in abundance in this area .
the election for president is held in afghanistan today .
polling is held amidst heavy security .
the five year term of afghanistan's current president ashraf ghani ends this month .
so the presidential election is held today .
polling commenced in all the booths this morning .
right from the morning the public has waited in long queues and voted .
since there were violent attacks in several places during election campaign, additional security has been provided in the polling booths .
the spokesperson for the election commission said that polling has been peaceful throughout the country and it is happy to see that voters are interested in voting .
since many irregularities were reported during the elections held in 2014, it was decided to complete the elections before 20th april this year .
but the election was postponed successive times with the new voter census and the security situation cited as reasons .
presidential elections will be held in two rounds in afghanistan .
if none of the candidates wins a majority in the first round, there will be a contest between the top two candidates .
it should be noted that 18 candidates including the current president ashraf ghani independent and chief administrator abdulla abdulla afghanistan national alliance are in fray for the post of president .
ghana kaneshie traders support accra psychiatric hospital .
members of the kaneshie market association, yesterday donated food items worth gh¢ 30,000 to the accra psychiatric hospital, at a short ceremony in accra .
it forms part of activities marking the 40th anniversary celebration of the kaneshie markets complex .
the donation included assorted foods, fruits, soft drinks, biscuits, clothing, yam, plantain, cassava, as well as bags of water among others .
the group also interacted with some of the patients at the facility as part of their visit .
in attendance was some management staff of the accra markets limited, executives of the association as well as some queen mothers .
presenting the items, madam mercy naa afrowa needjan, president of the greater accra regional market women association, said the donation was part of the group's regular charity activities in fulfilment of its corporate social responsibility .
she noted that there was the need to support the caretaking of patients at the facility to make them feel loved and part of society .
madam needjan, pledged the association's support to the hospital and called on other associations to emulate the gesture .
receiving the items, dr pinnaman appau, director at the hospital, lauded the association for the support and promised that they would be put to good use to the benefit of the patients .
she appealed to other organisations to also support the hospital .
thousands of devotees who gathered in rameswaram today for mahalaya new moon day offered alms to their ancestors .
the devotees, who took holy baths and offered alms in rameswaram, will offer alms to the ancestors every month on new moon day after fasting .
particularly the new moon day during the tamil months thai, aadi and purattasi are considered auspicious .
accordingly, today on the day of the mahalaya new moon, many people offered alms today to their ancestors at water bodies and at temples .
on account of mahalaya new moon day, thousands of devotees started thronging the kasi of south rameswaram, by train, bus and car right from yesterday .
today being new moon day, right from early morning, lots of devotees gathered at agni theertha in rameswaram and took a holy bath .
then they offered alms to their ancestors at the beach and worshipped .
after taking holy baths in the 22 theerthas, devotees worshipped ramanatha swami and parvathavarthini amman .
devotees waited in long queues to enter the temple .
everywhere in rameswaram there were crowds of devotees .
arrangements including drinking water facilities and bathroom facilities were made on behalf of the municipality for the devotees .
more than 500 police headed by the dsp of rameswaram mahesh took care of security .
similarly many devotees took holy baths on sethu beach near mandapam and offered alms to their ancestors .
the resignation decision of 17 ruling party mlas in karnataka has caused a storm .
the former speaker ramesh has passed an order disqualifying them .
this turmoil has caused the congress's janata dal secular rule to come to an end .
the rule ended as they failed to prove their majority, and ediyurappa of bjp became the chief minister .
rameshkumar has further ordered that the disqualified mlas cannot contest in elections during the current assembly's tenure .
opposing this order the 17 mlas went to the supreme court .
meanwhile, the election commission has released a notification that byelections will be held only for 15 constituencies in karnataka on october 15 .
former minister mr kannan has started a new party called the people's progressive movement in pondicherry .
today the former minister mr kannan has convened a meeting of his supporters at kamban auditorium in othiyan salai, pondicherry .
former minister mr kannan announced the launching of new party called makkal munnetra congress at that meeting .
this will bring about positive change in the state .
this will give the rights needed by the people .
it will strive for good governance in the state, he said .
the launching of his party coinciding with the byelections in kamarajarnagar constituency has caused a stir .
he served as the leader of puducherry youth congress, health minister in the farooq ministry and a speaker when vaithilingam served as the chief minister .
later he left congress and joined tamil maanila congress headed by moopanar .
he was also the home minister in the dmk–tmk alliance .
later he also left that and started his own party and again joined congress .
from that he joined anna dmk .
then he also left that and was in the sidelines .
now he has launched a new party .
tasmanian devils may hold clues to curing cancer .
tasmanian devils may hold the key to curing cancer as researchers find a breakthrough which could revolutionise treatment for sufferers .
medical researchers found how some cancer cells can camouflage themselves .
researchers found the same process happens in tasmanian devils and humans .
the discovery is hoped to provide new methods to treat cancer patients .
what do tasmanian devils and humans have in common? .
cancer cells that can turn invisible .
researchers, including from melbourne's peter maccallum cancer centre, have found a breakthrough which could help revolutionise treatment for some cancers if they do not respond to immunotherapy .
it may also hold the key to tackling deadly facial tumours threatening the future of the endangered tasmanian devil .
the study tracked the way some cancer cells in both humans and the marsupial camouflage themselves using a group of proteins known as prc2, switching off a marker which would otherwise alert the immune system to attack the cancer .
this can be a major challenge in treating smallcell lung cancer, neuroblastoma and a type of skin cancer known as merkel cell .
'the huge significance from this project is that in patients who sometimes become resistant to immunotherapies, we might be able to reverse that process,' lead peter mac researcher mark dawson told aap .
existing treatments could be repurposed to switch back on the markers, proteins known as mhc, allowing the immune system to recognise the cancer cells .
'potentially, this has farreaching implications for people with lung cancer,' prof dawson said .
'it's one of the most prevalent diseases across the globe .
and we may be able to treat this in a far better way .
researchers also hope the discovery could eventually be used against tasmanian devil facial tumours, where cancer cells avoid detection in the same way .
'remarkably, exactly the same process happens in human and tasmanian devil cancers,' prof dawson said .
'thus far it's been very difficult to treat the tasmanian devil tumours .
but if the drugs that work in humans can also be used in tasmanian devils, there is a possibility that this may help with the control of the disease' .
the building research organisation has advised the public to be cautious regarding landslide disasters .
the national building research organisation has warned the people to work cautiously regarding landslides that may be caused following severe rainfall .
this organisation has insisted the people in bulathsinhala, palallavida, maththukkama, agalawaththa, elpitiya, niyaakama, naagoda, imathuva and vaththekama regions to be cautious regarding landslides .
the organisation has advised people to be cautious about cracks on land, land caving in, unstable electric posts and trees, and also cracks on walls .
if such symptoms are seen, the national building research organisation has advised people to vacate those areas .
scientists puzzled by really big planet orbiting really little star .
scientists are expressing surprise after discovering a solar system 30 lightyears away from earth that defies current understanding about planet formation, with a large jupiterlike planet orbiting a diminutive star known as a red dwarf .
an artistic impression of the gas giant planet gj 3512b orbiting its red dwarf host star, released on september 26, 2019 .
stars generally are much bigger than even the largest planets that orbit them .
but in this case, the star and the planet are not much different in size, the researchers said on thursday .
the star, called gj 3512, is about 12 the size of our sun, while the planet that orbits it has a mass of at least about half of jupiter, our solar system's largest planet .
yes, an absolute surprise, said astrophysicist juan carlos morales of the institute of space studies of catalonia at the institute of space sciences in spain, who led the research published in the journal science .
the discovery was surprising because theoretical formation models suggest that lowmass stars typically host small planets, similar to earth or small neptunes .
in this case, we have found a gas giant planet similar to jupiter around a very small star, morales added .
the planet, which like jupiter is composed mainly of gas, was discovered using a telescope at the calar alto observatory in spain .
it travels around its star in a very elliptical orbit lasting 204 days .
red dwarfs are small, with relatively low surface temperatures .
gj 3512 is not only much smaller than our sun, it is somewhat comparable in size to a very large planet, being only about 35 bigger than jupiter .
they emit less energy, so they are fainter than the sun, and their surface temperature is rather cool, below 3800 degrees kelvin 6,380 degrees fahrenheit3,527 celsius approximately .
this is why they have a reddish color, morales said .
there is evidence of a second planet currently orbiting the star, while a third planet might have been ejected from the star system in the past, explaining the elliptical orbit of the jupiterlike planet, morales said .
planets are born from the same disk of interstellar gas and dust that produces the star around which they orbit .
under the leading model for planetary formation, called the core accretion model, an object initially forms from solid particles in the disk and the gravitational tug of this embryonic planet allows for an atmosphere to arise from the surrounding gas .
a competing model, called the gravitational instability model, may explain this unusual system .
in this case, the protoplanetary disk around the young star may be slightly more massive than expected and cold, morales said .
this makes the disk become unstable so some dense regions can appear .
these clumps can grow until they collapse, forming a planet .
the order of the government of tripura banning the sacrifice of goats and hens in tripura has created a big stir .
the state government itself has declared in the court that the promise it was given during its merger with india in 1949 is being violated .
tripura which was ruled for by 184 rulers in 1355 years signed a pact with india expressing its willingness to merge with india .
the then queen of tripura, kanchan prava devi and the governor general of india signed this agreement .
the main feature of this agreement is that the financial assistance given by the government of tripura for 14 temples including the famous tripurasundari temple will continue .
sacrificing goats is a practice in the tripurasundari temple .
the government is also providing financial assistance for this .
the main condition of the merger agreement is that this should not be changed .
opposing this, one mr subash batterji filed a public litigation case in the tripura high court mentioning that sacrificing goats and hens with the financial assistance of the government hurts the feelings of the hindus .
the divisional bench magistrates sanjay karol and arindam lodh banned the sacrifice of goats and hens in places of religious worship .
the court also ordered the government not to provide financial assistance for these sacrifices .
the court has also served notice to the chief secretary of the state, all district magistrates and the police superintendents inviting their answers regarding this matter .
the court has also ordered that goats and hens could only be donated to the temples but should not be sacrificed all the temples should be monitored by installing cctv cameras .
now, the state government is to appeal in the supreme court against this ruling of the tripura high court .
the state government has informed that it will appeal in the supreme court pointing out that the tripura high court has rejected their argument that the promise made during their merger with india in 1949 should not be violated .
unemployed youth can apply for assistance .
young people who are unemployed after finishing their studies can apply for assistance, the collector of chennai district has informed .
the news release was given by the district collector sitalakshmi the tamil nadu governments assistance for unemployed young people is provided through the employment and career guidance center .
those who have completed qualifications like tenth standard fail, tenth standard pass, plus 2, diploma and degree and are waiting for more than five years without employment after registering in the employment office have to approach the district employment and professional guidance centre in santhome, chennai for financial assistance .
qualification for the applicants the applying applicants should have registered within 5 years and should be in live registers .
should be under 40 years of age, scheduled caste and scheduled tribes should be under 45 years of age .
the applicants should not be employed in private companies and should not be selfemployed .
deli worker accused of giving methlaced bean dip to coworker .
marion county sheriff's office cassandra medinahernandez, 38, is accused of giving methlaced bean dip to a coworker .
on thursday, 38yearold cassandra ani medinahernandez, of albany, was charged with delivery of methamphetamine and causing another person to ingest a controlled substance, both class b felonies .
the charges stemmed from an incident that happened sept 9 at a thriftway grocery store in jefferson .
a 27yearold coworker of the suspect told marion county sheriff's deputies that she went to the deli to get lunch when she saw medinahernandez making bean dip and asked to try some, according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by oregonlivecom .
the victim, who told investigators she had never taken meth before, thought one of the bites she ate tasted odd, but she did not think anything of it, according to the affidavit .
when the woman returned to work, she had an upset stomach and her feet were unsteady .
she went to a local hospital where it was determined the bean dip may have contained methamphetamine, according to the albany democratherald .
police said that another thriftway employee said medinahernandez told her about placing drugs inside the victim's food, while a third worker said the suspect had messaged her claiming the meth was placed in the bean dip by accident, according to the smoking gun .
oregonlive reports surveillance video obtained from the deli allegedly shows medinahernandez remove something from inside her bra while her back is to the camera and go behind a microwave and lean down .
she then allegedly wiped her nose after she stood up, walked to a table and placed bean dip in a small paper dish .
the item retrieved from her bra also appeared to be on the plate, police said .
sheriff's officials said there is currently no reason to believe any customers were served contaminated food, according to the oregon statesmanjournal .
medinahernandez is being held in the marion county jail in lieu of 520,000 bail .
her lengthy rap sheet shows she was previously convicted of assault, robbery, identity theft, delivery of methamphetamine, theft, possession of methamphetamine, and felon in possession of a restricted weapon, according to the smoking gun .
johnson hits back in prorogation row .
boris johnson's trip to the un general assembly is rudely interrupted by an historic supreme court ruling .
but his blistering commons' performance betrayed neither shame nor remorse .
in the eye of the storm, and making sense of the upheaval, are rté's europe editor in brussels, tony connelly, and london correspondent sean whelan in westminster .
candidates will win, dr anbumani ramadoss said .
the meeting of three forces convened by vanur assembly constituency pattali makkal katchi was held in a private marriage hall in pattanur, near vanur .
the party's state president gk mani presided over the meeting .
the president of the party's youth wing and mp dr anbumani ramadoss participated in the meeting and delivered the keynote speech .
during his speech he said .
anna dmk candidates will win by huge margins in the coming byelections for nanguneri and vikravandi assembly constituencies .
the government of tamil nadu should hold local body elections immediately .
this has been the demand of the people of tamil nadu .
central government should give up the hydrocarbon project in tamil nadu .
otherwise the pmk will hold protests .
also the government of tamil nadu should declare the cauvery delta region as a protected agricultural zone .
thus dr anbumani ramadoss spoke .
authorities investigating deadly crash in angeles national forest, body found cbs los angeles .
police were investigating a deadly crash in the angeles national forest thursday afternoon .
according to police, a body was found inside of a vehicle just below the angeles forest highway and big tujunga canyon road .
initial reports from the scene said that the vehicle might have been there for some time .
it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was found .
due to low pressure prevailing at sea level in the southwest of the country, rainfall may increase moderately in eastern and central districts today .
the weather report released today morning by the meteorological department says that frequent rains or rainfall with thunder may occur in central and eastern districts and in ambanthottai and polanaruvai districts .
at a few places in these areas rainfall of more than 100 mm may be recorded .
in the other parts of the country rainfall or rainfall with thunder may occur in the evening or during the night .
in some places 50mm to 75 mm rainfall may be recorded .
the report has informed that there may be moderate rain in the morning in yazhpanam, mullaitivu and mannar districts .
people are advised to take necessary precautions to reduce the effects that may be caused by lightning strikes and heavy winds .
everybody's talking about jamie how to audition for the role of jamie new in the west end .
the west end's next big star could be out there right now and they don't even know it .
producers of everybody's talking about jamie are on the lookout for the next jamie new, and holding open auditions .
layton williams, the current star, will be setting off on the musical's uk tour, and the search is on for an outstandingly talented undiscovered young performer to take over his role .
london auditions will take place on october 10 at the apollo theatre, and hopefuls should prepare 16 bars of opening song don't even know it, bringing a cv and headshot with .
there will be another audition on october 8 in sheffield, and callbacks will take begin the following week .
producer nica burns said thanks to our fantastic audiences, we are delighted to be extending and playing our third year at the apollo .
we have found some fantastic young performers to join layton williams and shane richie on tour .
in the spirit of this musical, we are opening the doors to unknown talent alongside today's young professionals in the search for our new jamie .
williams, who started playing jamie new in february after original john mccrea, took to twitter to encourage all boys to send in their tapes .
the west end show has extended its run to august 29 2020, with the tour taking off in february .
the musical follows 16 year old jamie new, who wants to go to his school prom in a dress .
he may not know what the future holds, but he's sure he'll be a star .
with the help of his mum and a local drag legend, loco chanelle, he begins to work out who he is, defy prejudice and step into the spotlight .
with music by dan gillespie sells and a book and lyrics by tom macrae, the show is inspired by bbc documentary, jamie drag queen at 16 .
vikram lander cannot be found, the american space research centre nasa has informed .
the indian space research organisation isro planned and launched a space craft mission chandrayaan2 to reach the southern polar region of the moon, which has not been explored by any country in the world so far .
chandrayaan2 vikram lander was expected to land slowly on the southern polar region of the moon on the 7th .
but the vikram lander lost communication when it was 21 kilometres from the landing site, which was a rude shock .
subsequently it was discovered that vikram lander made a hard landing, instead of the soft landing on four legs .
the images sent by chandrayaan2 orbiter confirmed that .
subsequently isro and the american space research organization nasa tried to restore communication with vikram lander again .
but the effort did not succeed .
with 14 days having passed, its life was over on the 20th .
meanwhile, nasa's satellite has photographed the site of vikram lander's hard landing .
however, nasa has informed that vikram lander could not be found .
the place of vikram lander cannot be seen in the images from the satellite .
nasa has said in its report that it may be hidden in the shadows .
in the best urbanisation programme held in bangalore, chennai municipality has been granted the award for giving the best service to people .
in the best urbanisation programme conducted on the past 25th jointly by the central housing and urban ministry and the smart cities council india, the sensory park constructed by the chennai municipality has been given the best award under the section for providing the best service to the public .
the host of this event, smart cities council, operates with its headquarters in washington and branches in europe, australia, new zealand and india .
this sensory park has been constructed at an estimate of 137 crores for the benefit of children with sensory processing issues, according to the world general design guidelines of chennai smart city project on 4th trust link road, teynampet zone of chennai municipality .
the special feature of this park is the sign boards that differently abled children can touch and feel .
this park has play equipment, a sensory notice board, wheelchairs for differently abled and specially abled children, an 8shaped infinite pathway with a foot healing floor, plants with fragrances, tactile sculptures and entertainment features .
this park has been very useful in capacity building, training and balancing the body condition of children with growth deficiencies .
this park has been constructed under the smart cities project fund and brought to use in december 2018, and has attracted various school children, children with growth deficiencies and the general public .
this park has various programmes for children such as awareness week for mentally disabled children and reading old stories .
on behalf of chennai municipality, deputy commissioner works m govinda rao received the award in a programme conducted on the 25th of last month in bangalore .
it should be noted that this park has been awarded the “best personality award” during the independence day event celebrated on august 15 last month .
raj cherubal chief executive officer of chennai smart city and executive engineer park pv srinivasan participated in this programme .
alfa laval wins sek 110 million natural gas order .
alfa laval a world leader in heat transfer, centrifugal separation and fluid handling has won an order to supply air cooler systems to a gas processing plant in the us the order has a value of approximately sek 110 million and is booked in the welded heat exchangers unit of the energy division, with deliveries scheduled for 2020 .
the order comprises alfa laval niagara's air cooler systems which will be used as part of a refrigeration system to separate the natural gas into its individual pure component streams ethane, propane and butane .
safety is key in all industrial processes and extremely important in the demanding applications in natural gas treatment .
our reliable air cooler systems are recognized for their safe performance which gives peace of mind to our customers in the gas industry, says susanne pahlén åklundh, president of the energy division .
did you know that ethane, propane and butane can be separated from the natural gas and then used, for example, as feedstock for petrochemical plants, for household heating or as fuel for vehicles? .
about alfa laval .
alfa laval is a leading global provider of specialized products and engineering solutions based on its key technologies of heat transfer, separation and fluid handling .
the company's equipment, systems and services are dedicated to assisting customers in optimizing the performance of their processes .
the solutions help them to heat, cool, separate and transport products in industries that produce food and beverages, chemicals and petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, starch, sugar and ethanol .
alfa laval's products are also used in power plants, aboard ships, oil and gas exploration, in the mechanical engineering industry, in the mining industry and for wastewater treatment, as well as for comfort climate and refrigeration applications .
alfa laval's worldwide organization works closely with customers in nearly 100 countries to help them stay ahead in the global arena .
alfa laval is listed on nasdaq omx, and, in 2018, posted annual sales of about sek 407 billion approx 40 billion euros .
the company has about 17 200 employees .
theni medical college's principal has informed that he is receiving threats following his complaint about impersonation in neet exams .
udit surya of chennai and his father dr venkatesan have been arrested for impersonation in neet exams and have been detained in madurai central jail .
when they were enquired by cbcid police, it was come to be known that a few more people joined in medical colleges by indulging in impersonation .
based on their information the cbcid police investigated 3 students from chennai .
during this enquiry, it was confirmed that those 3 students indulged in impersonation .
they were arrested by cbcid police .
the police were investigating them and their parents filing cases under sections of impersonation, preparing duplicate documents and conspiracy .
the police have sent notice to all neet coaching centres in tamil nadu .
the notice has asked them to send the list of students who passed the exam after studying in their centres .
also the police have sent a letter to the national testing agency in uttar pradesh to provide the list of students who applied from tamil nadu .
the medical college principal rajendran has made a complaint at kanavilakku police station seeking action against two professors velmurugan and thiruvenkadam working in theni medical college for helping student udit surya and for making changes in the attendance register .
he has also remarked in his complaint that he is receiving threats regarding the neet exam impersonation issue and requested security as he is receiving telephone threats .
royal family secrets surprising guests who were frequent fliers on the royal plane reveal .
as part of their royal duty, the royal family have to embark on hundreds of trips around the world in their lifetime .
this is usually made easier by the royal plane a private aircraft which jets the family around the globe to important events and appearances .
unsurprisingly, having their own private plane comes with its own perks .
aside not having to wait in long security lines and an unlimited number of bags, it seems the royal family can invite onboard any guests they wish including some unlikely passengers .
according to a recently premiered channel 5 documentary, the queen and prince phillip aren't the only frequent fliers aboard the royal plane .
during the programme 'secrets of the royal flight', a former navigator of the queen's flight revealed that there are also often a number of furrier guests alongside the family .
bob shields said occasionally, as well as our very important royal passengers, we might have some very important royal dogs .
it's no surprise that the queen might request her beloved pets to come along for the journey, as she is renowned for her deep affinity for corgis .
from a young age queen elizabeth has been fond of the four legged creatures, rumoured to have owned more than 30 corgis since she was crowned monarch .
in 2007 she is believed to have had five corgis named monty, emma, linnet, willow and holly .
they were joined by five cocker spaniels bisto, oxo, flash, spick and span, and an additional four dachshundcorgi crossbreeds cider, berry vulcan and candy .
staff on board the royal plane certainly had their hands full .
the household member of staff would be seen taking the dogs to the grass and pleading with the dogs to please do their business before they went on board the aeroplane, continued shields .
i am delighted to say we never had one accident .
the programme also revealed the shocking amount of luggage the queen has been known to travel with while on duty .
according to the shows narrator for her 44,000 mile commonwealth tour in 1953 the queen's luggage weighed 12 tonnes .
to put that into perspective, that is roughly the same as two large elephants .
however, the queen isn't the only one with an affinity for fashion .
reportedly the duchess of cambridge has her own preferences for transporting her fashion rumoured to have a seat reserved for each of her dresses .
former alabama congressman jack edwards dies at 91 .
retired 10term us rep jack edwards of alabama, who was in the first wave of deep south republicans, died friday .
his family said through a spokesman that edwards died at his home in fairhope after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
edwards was first elected to the us house in 1965 as part of the first wave of alabama republicans elected to congress as the party gained traction in the deep south .
he served 10 terms in congress .
in a statement released by his family, they said edwards described his hopes for a return to civility when recently asked what kind of world he would like to leave his great grandchildren .
my hope is that my great grandchildren will grow up in a country where civility will have been returned to common discourse and to the efforts to solve the country's problems, edwards said according to the family statement .
alabama gov kay ivey said edwards served his state and nation with the highest degree of integrity .
the governor said flags at the alabama capitol will be placed at halfstaff in his honor .
he was the epitome of a true public servant and was the ultimate statesman for alabama .
our state has lost one of our finest, ivey said in a statement .
devotees donated 73 lakhs 24 thousand 501 rupees through charity boxes in ramanathaswamy temple in rameswaram .
after august 21, the temple employees opened the boxes in front of the shrines of ramanatha swamy, parvathavarthini amman and pancha moorthi and collected the donations .
then they counted the offerings in the temple marriage hall in the presence of the temple's joint commissioner kalyani .
many temple staff including the assistant divisional engineer mayilvaganan, manager murugesan, and superintendents balasubramani peshkars of kakkar annadurai, kalamanathan, kalaiselvan and kannan counted the offerings .
the devotees offered 73 lakh 24 thousand and 501 rupees in cash, 34 grams of gold and 1 kilo 495 grams of silver .
these offerings were deposited in the government bank on the order of the joint commissioner .
michelle obama calls meghan markle 'an inspiration' in adoring instagram .
michelle obama gave high praise to meghan markle in a sweet instagram on thursday, calling the duchess of sussex a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it .
the duchess and prince harry, now on a 10day royal tour of south africa with their baby son archie harrison mountbattenwindsor, attended a youth reception earlier this week and met obama foundation leaders .
thank you to my friend, her royal highness the duchess of sussex sussexroyal, a thoughtful leader who is breaking the mold and making our world better for it, the former first lady wrote in her glowing post .
whether meeting with our obamafoundation leaders or helping girls around the world seek the education they deserve, she is an inspiration to so many, obama added, alongside a photo of a smiling meghan posing with foundation leaders .
meghan interviewed obama for the september issue of british vogue, which the former suits actress guestedited .
in their candid chat, the former first lady reflected on motherhood and how it's changed her .
being a mother has been a masterclass in letting go, obama said in the interview .
motherhood has taught me that, most of the time, my job is to give them the space to explore and develop into the people they want to be .
not who i want them to be or who i wish i was at that age, but who they are, deep inside .
obama, who knows firsthand the pressure of being under a global spotlight, doled out some advice to the duchess in an interview with good housekeeping .
the pressure you feel ― from yourself and from others ― can sometimes feel like a lot, she said .
so my biggest piece of advice would be to take some time and don't be in a hurry to do anything .
i spent the first few months in the white house mainly worrying about my daughters, making sure they were off to a good start at school and making new friends before i launched into any more ambitious work .
i think it's okay it's good, even to do that .
the 141st birth anniversary of thanthai periyar was celebrated on 1792019 from 6 pm to 8 pm at hunton in the state of virginia in america .
a photo of periyar was garlanded and it was held as a discussion on the topic “feminism respected by periyar” .
party general secretary doctor durai .
chandrasekaran presided and coordinated the event .
many thoughts were shared on the topic of women's rights .
we can see the women's rights that periyar wanted to see prevailing here .
even here the same situation of women being unable to become president prevails .
periyar is the leader who needs to be praised universally .
not the half in indian parliament .
what does the refusal to one third reservation to women show? .
thoughts about women's rights, education, employment opportunities, and periyar's contribution in caste abolition were proudly remembered .
engineer punniyaraj, mary, aruna, preethi, rasheetha, sophia, joel, kalaiselvi, ezhilvadivan and arivuponni shared their thoughts .
it was special that this programme gave the chance to remember periyar with gratitude, even though all are countries and continents apart, accepting periyar universally .
ruby manoharan has been announced as the dmkcongress alliance candidate for the nanguneri constituency for elections to be held in tamil nadu .
meanwhile, today the member for kanyakumari parliamentary constituency hvasanthakumar flew to tuticorin to commence his campaigning in nanguneri assembly constituency areas .
subsequently he met the reporters at the airport and said “many dmkcongress workers expressed their willingness to contest the nanguneri constituency .
a few had even said they would contest as independent candidates .
they would have said that out of interest .
however noone would contest as an independent candidate .
everyone will work together .
the central government cannot implement any kind of scheme under the sagarmala project in kanyakumari district .
environment and natural resources in a very small district like kanyakumari have to be protected .
so the construction of a new harbour in the sea in kanyakumari is not practically possible” .
trump hotel keeps liquor license despite character complaint .
washington ap the washington alcoholic beverage control board has dismissed a request to review whether the local trump international hotel should lose its liquor license over its owner's character .
the agency ruled wednesday that the complaint by three ministers, two retired judges and two rabbis lacked standing because most of them didn't live in or own property in the district .
the washington post reports this is the second time the complainants pushed for the revocation of the hotel's liquor license over a district law that says license applicants must be of good character .
the initial complaint filed last summer says president donald trump violates that law, citing assault allegations and patterns of deception .
it was killed because the license had already been granted .
the second complaint was prompted by the license's renewal .
as the 207 seats reserved in private medical colleges in tamil nadu for nonresident indians remain vacant, they are handed over to the concerned colleges as management quota seats .
a person named dheeran filed a case in the madras high court seeking to fill these seats through proper counselling .
this case came again for hearing before a bench comprising justices kirubakaran and velmurugan .
the lawyer representing the medical council of india said “after three phases of counseling, if there are any vacancies, a list will be sent at the ratio of 10 students per seat .
but it is not clear if the seats were filled as per that list” .
furthermore, the tamil nadu government requested “the hon'ble court to pass suitable orders regarding filling of seats reserved for nonresident indians” .
the lawyer representing the petitioner alleges that “all the 207 seats were sold for a high amount to those who scored low marks” .
scandalhit cleveland police force branded the worst in britain in damning report the sun .
a scandalhit police force has been branded britain's worst by inspectors .
cleveland police was rated as inadequate in all areas in a damning report .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley says cleveland police force has seen 'significant deterioration' .
the force, which has had five chief constables in six years, is now facing fresh calls for it to be disbanded .
the report found it was failing in efforts to prevent crime, arrest suspects and protect the vulnerable .
hm's inspectorate of constabulary phil gormley said there has been a significant deterioration since our last inspection .
chief constable mike veale quit in january after less than a year while facing an investigation into serious but undisclosed allegations about his behaviour .
assistant chief constable adrian roberts is suspended after being arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct .
last year det insp simon hurwood appeared before a misconduct panel for grooming colleagues for sex .
he quit the force .
tees valley's tory mayor ben houchen said this is official validation that the force is broken .
it's now time for the home office to intervene .
chief constable richard lewis said improvements have been made and i take full responsibility for driving through change .
nancy pelosi william barr has 'gone rogue' and impeachment investigation needs to take its course .
you never know where we're going next .
now, i think we're getting involved in the coverup of the coverup, and that may be something that will take some time to investigate, pelosi said in an interview with cnn on capitol hill .
they will do the work that they're set out to do, following the facts and the time that it takes to find the facts, she said .
a white house transcript released this week showed that trump asked ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate former vice president joe biden, a 2020 candidate, and biden's son .
trump also asked zelensky to work with barr and his personal lawyer, rudy giuliani on the issue, the call transcript revealed .
trump has denied he did anything improper .
cnn reported on thursday that justice department national security lawyers were first alerted to the whistleblower complaint regarding trump's conduct involving ukraine more than a week before the formal referral .
after receiving the complaint as a referral from the intelligence community officials, the doj determined that trump's phone call did not warrant a campaign finance criminal investigation .
asked if barr should testify, pelosi said friday the intelligence committee will decide who to call as witnesses .
but she added that she believes barr has gone rogue .
he has for a long time now .
since barr was mentioned in all of this, pelosi said, referring to trump's mention of his attorney general on the july call with ukraine's leader .
it's curious that he would be making decisions about how the complaint would be handled .
pelosi said she's very worried about the whistleblower's sources, whom trump attacked on thursday as spies and suggested that in the old days spies were dealt with differently .
i think what the president said goes beyond irresponsible, it's dangerous .
our whistleblowers have an important role to play in unfolding revealing wrongdoing in our government, pelosi said, adding, for the president to say what he said about those who may have supplied information to the whistleblower seriously undermines integrity in government .
on tuesday, pelosi took the historic step of announcing a formal impeachment inquiry over the allegations that he attempted to pressure a foreign leader for political gain .
the phone call was included in a complaint publicly released thursday, in which a whistleblower alleged trump abused his powers to solicit interference from ukraine in the upcoming 2020 election .
the whistleblower also alleged that white house lawyers directed officials to remove the transcript of the call from a computer system that stores them for cabinetlevel officials and instead put the transcript in a system for especially sensitive information .
christian benteke crystal palace striker faces driving ban for speeding .
premier league star christian benteke is facing a possible driving ban after he was caught speeding twice in two months .
the crystal palace striker, 28, has admitted driving his bentley at 80mph in a 50mph zone on the a3 in richmond, south west london, on january 20 .
the belgian was then flashed by speed cameras at 89mph, more than double the 40mph limit, in putney, south west london, in march .
benteke, of kingston hill, surrey, is not required to be present at lavender hill magistrates' court this morning .
he pleaded guilty to both offences at the start of july under the single justice procedure, where minor offences are decided by a magistrate sitting alone .
ghana kofi manu concerned over structure of vetting committee .
mr kofi manu, a football administrator and an official of sekondi hasaacas has raised concerns over the composition of the vetting committee for the upcoming ghana football association gfa elections .
he questioned the inclusion of the committee's chairman, mr frank davies, adding that he was not happy with his inclusion .
mr manu in an interview with the gna sport said, he had doubts the chairman of the committee would be fair since he had interest in the outcome of the vetting process .
the vetting committee should be neutral people from outside who have not shown affiliation with any member and who have not shown interest before .
for instance, mr davies was contracted by the nc as a lawyer to write to osei kwaku palmer concerning a 10 per cent payment .
he is also a known olympics supporter .
for these two reasons, he should not be allowed to serve on the vetting committee because he has interest, he argued .
mr manu said there would be conflict of interest on the chairman's part if mr fred pappoe, a director of olympics appear before the committee because of his affiliation to the club whilst suggesting there would be prejudice and partiality towards mr palmer if he appeared before the committee .
members of the committee were expected to begin work from yesterday and end on october 4 after being sworn in at a ceremony held at the gfa secretariat in accra on thursday september 19 .
the chairman of the committee is mr frank davies with corporate governance consultant and legal practitioner, mrs marian barnor and mr emmanuel darkwah as members .
other members are mr reginald laryea, marketing and business executive and mr richard akpokavie, a sports administrator and legal practitioner .
with roopa gurunath selected as the president of the tamil nadu cricket association, it was said that the son of a former dmk minister had also tried for that post .
as per the recommendations made by the lodha committee, several reforms were being made in the indian cricket board and in state cricket associations .
the lodha committee recommends that a person cannot hold a post more than twice continuously and those above 70 years can also hold posts .
accordingly the incumbents in the tamil nadu cricket association were unable to continue .
and new people had to be selected .
there were reports that the son of former dmk minister ashok sigamani made moves to capture the post of tamil nadu cricket association president but that effort was stalled by seenivasan of india cements .
so ashok sigamani opted for the post of vice president, with no other option .
he runs a childcare hospital in kk nagar, chennai and is the younger son of ponmudi .
ashok sigamani has been an avid cricket fan since his school days .
at one stage he even tried to enter into the indian cricket team .
it is said that it is due to the efforts of india cements' seenivasan, the president and members of tamil nadu cricket association were selected without elections .
it was said that ponmudi's son ashok sigamani would have given seenivasan's daughter roopa a tough fight, in case elections were held .
he was silent only upon the peace pact from seenivasan's side letting ashok sigamani hold the post of vice president of the tamil nadu cricket association .
a case has been filed to hand over the tamil inscription images from the mysore inscription department to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
27 the madurai bench of the madras high court passed an order directing the central archaeology department to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols taken from inscriptions in tamil nadu .
the petition filed by manimaran of madurai the inscription department in mysore is controlled by the central archaeology department .
ancient inscriptions and historical documents in india are being preserved there .
the image documents including the tamil inscriptions here serve as a source to scientifically confirm the history of the tamils .
further, the tamil inscriptions have been copied through ink copy and documented there .
in this context, when the office of the department of inscription of mysore was shifted from the old building to the new building, the inscription images of most of the ancient tamil inscriptions were damaged .
the inscriptions there should have been properly maintained, published as books and should have been documented electronically .
but the documents related to tamil nadu that were kept in mysore were not properly protected .
hence, a situation arises where the future generations will not be able to know about the history and traditions of the tamils .
so he has requested to hand over the inscription images from the inscription department of karnataka to the archaeology department of tamil nadu .
the case came for hearing before a bench comprising sivagnanam and r dharani .
during the hearing the judges ordered to file an answer regarding the steps taken to protect and update the images and ancient symbols of tamil nadus's inscriptions and adjourned the hearing to october 22 .
tipuric issues rallying call ahead of aussie showdown .
justin tipuric says it is time to perform when wales face a world cup showdown against australia that could shape their destiny in the tournament .
victory for wales against the wallabies would install them as redhot favourites to win pool d and secure a likely quarterfinal appointment with france or argentina .
but if australia beat wales for a 14th time in the last 15 meetings, it could send tipuric and company hurtling towards a lasteight clash against england .
there is no bones about it, both teams want to try and get through and finish top of the group, wales flanker tipuric said .
there have been some tough results in the past, but it was nice to get a win last autumn against them australia .
i think they will be chomping at the bit to get that back from us, and we want to make sure we get another win .
before we even came in here, you knew this was going to be a big one .
now we are here, it's time to perform, really .
wales have only claimed one victory against australia, new zealand or south africa in world cup history and that was 32 years ago in a thirdplace playoff when they toppled the wallabies .
and their overall record under head coach warren gatland shows just seven wins from 41 attempts at the hands of the three southern hemisphere heavyweights .
wales halted a 13test losing sequence at australia's hands last november, with tipuric set to be among several survivors from that 96 success who run out at tokyo stadium on sunday .
asked if there had been a mental block prior to that win, tipuric added it's tough to say .
those games are so tight, there is maybe people would expect there was a bit of a mental block, i don't know .
in the end in the last game we probably left about 15 points out there, so it made the scoreline look a lot closer than it actually was .
if wales are to triumph, then tipuric's battle at the breakdown with australia's revered backrow double act michael hooper and david pocock will be crucial .
the 67 timescapped tipuric has encountered both players on several previous occasions, and he knows exactly what is coming .
they are absolutely worldclass sevens, he said .
when you play against worldclass backrowers you always know you are going to be in for a tough game .
those two are consistently up there with the best in the world .
you know what type of game you are going to be in for .
pocock is one of the best players in the world over the ball defensively and michael is more of an attacking seven and probably has a bit more of a rugby brain to be in the right place at the right time .
you would rather play the best players in the world and challenge yourself, rather than face a backrow that isn't as good .
you want to play against the best, and you know against those two you will have to be on form .
i wouldn't say that sunday is so much a cup final, but it's an important game for us in this world cup .
momentum is an important part of it .
if you keep on building and putting in good performances, you are going to be flying and tough to beat .
danger of chennai being submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
27 the interim government panel for climate change has warned that coastal cities including kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai face the danger of getting submerged in water due to increasing sea levels .
the ipcc, which has done research for united nations climate change, has released the research report .
it has mentioned that at the end of this century the himalayas will melt rapidly and sea levels will rise significantly .
hence there will be a danger of the 4 cities kolkatta, mumbai, surat and chennai getting submerged in the sea .
at the same time many parts of north india will face very severe water shortages .
sea levels are rising faster than before .
around 14 billion people will be affected due to this in the year 2100 .
due to a rise in water levels up to 50 cm, apart from the 4 coastal cities in india, 45 port cities around the world are in danger of getting submerged in floods .
since this danger is on the rise every year, low lying coastal cities and small islands are in a very dangerous situation .
furthermore, if emergency measures are not taken to reduce global warming, sea temperatures will rise causing marine life to become extinct .
there will not be sea foods universally .
more cyclones are likely to develop .
during the years 1982 to 2016, there has been a twofold increase in sea temperatures .
thus it was mentioned in the research report .
eastenders spoilers ben kisses callum after whitney's bombshell .
the sizzling tension between callum highway tony clay and ben mitchell max bowden is set to explode once more in eastenders as a sudden bombshell from whitney dean shona mcgarty leaves callum thrown and leads him back into the arms of his lover .
but will they commence a relationship or will they regret their heated moment? .
since callum helped to save ben's life and then also stepped up for a struggling bobby beale clay milner russell, he and ben have been taking things slowly but have been flirting with the idea of going on a date, with callum recently telling ben that it was nice to see his vulnerable and softer side .
tonight, whitney returns from her holiday in a much better frame of mind than she left .
it's clearly done her the world of good to get away from walford in the wake of her disastrous wedding and the revelation that her husbandtobe had cheated on her .
as she arrives home, she ends up having a heart to heart with callum .
but soon, she hits him with a revelation that leaves him reeling .
as callum reacts badly, jay mitchell jamie borthwick is concerned to see him knocking back the booze in the queen vic .
drunk and emotional, callum marches round to ben's and confronts him over everything that has happened, blaming him .
ben is calm and accepts the outburst before offering solace to callum and before long, callum's frustration turns into passion as they share a kiss .
but where will they go from here? .
the couple will attempt a date next week but after ben is given food for thought over his relationship history, it threatens to derail everything that the couple are working towards .
but after standing up to his homophobic dad, a newly confident callum is determined to fight for what he wants and deserves .
eastenders airs the kiss on friday 27th september at 830pm on bbc one .
'total panic' as white house struggles to find impeachment footing .
white house officials were scrambling to figure out how to counter the renewed democratic impeachment push thursday, with one source familiar with the situation describing a sense of total panic over the past week at the lack of a plan to address the new reality .
there appears to be rising anxiety, unease, and concern as one person close to the white house described the mood in the west wing that the whistleblower's allegations could seriously wound the president and some of those around him .
there's not a lot of confidence that there's no there there, this person said .
white house officials remained unsure of how to proceed, not only because is there no apparent plan for the situation, but because the allegations are so serious that the usual methods the president has used to successfully escape past controversies may not apply this doesn't look like something that's going to be overtaken by the next news cycle, the person quipped .
another person familiar with the discussions described the mood inside the white house as shellshocked, with increasing wariness that as this impeachment inquiry drags out, the likelihood increases that the president could respond erratically and become unmanageable .
that concern was echoed by another source, who said some around the president anticipate he will engage in more impulsive behavior, with pressure expected to build on him daily during the impeachment inquiry .
that's sparking worries that trump could display increasingly unpredictable behavior and lash out in unexpected ways both a presidential and a political concern in an election year environment .
with his presidency facing what may be its biggest threat yet, trump has cycled from offense to defense, reviving a strategy that he viewed as effective during robert mueller's russia investigation .
he tried to downplay his request for the ukrainian president to help investigate his political rivals, to divert attention to actions by democrats and presidential contender joe biden, and to discredit the whistleblower as having partisan motives .
but while many in the white house are battletested from the mueller investigation, this time is starting to feel different, aides and advisers said .
for a president whose brand is viewed as strength, wednesday's press conference made him look defeated, said one person familiar with the situation .
while trump relished questions on the russia investigation, he seemed to be in no mood to answer questions about ukraine, they said .
some allies of the president believe the damage could be mitigated, with some seizing on the fact that the whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of the controversial call in question between president trump and ukrainian president volodymyr zelenskiy a fact which they argue damages his or her credibility .
and, as often happens, when the president is under siege, that fact energizes his core supporters in his defense .
but one republican strategist close to the white house points out that the president's base approval ratings are already skyhigh and impeachment will do little to win over new supporters .
there is no upside to having the next four months focused on the president's impeachment, particularly if it stymies his legislative agenda and dominates the news cycle .
another of the sources said that those who were arguing impeachment could help the president weren't fully grasping how much of a wild card his response could be .
worried white house officials have been reaching out to advisers for help in assembling an impeachment response team .
with the effort still in the early phases, it remained unclear whether any type of war roomstyle effort would come to fruition or what form it might take, according to a person briefed on the plans .
but there was an acknowledgement that a coordinated legal and communications strategy was needed, with a clear leader able to marshal a public relations offensive to counter the release of the scathing whistleblower report and the momentum its release has given democratic impeachment efforts, that person said .
the lack of a longterm strategic vision has been starkly visible, as when secretary of state mike pompeo and treasury secretary steve mnuchin indicated they were not going to release the memo describing trump's call with the ukrainian president and then 48 hours later, feeling there was no choice but to release the document, according the source familiar with the situation .
it is anticipated there will be more pressure now than during the investigation by robert mueller, who was mostly silent, speaking only through his indictments one person who may become involved in developing an impeachment response is corey lewandowski, trump's outside pit bull and former campaign manager, said the person involved in the matter .
but lewandowski told nbc news it was not accurate to suggest he would lead such an effort .
for the last five years, i've done everything i can to support the president and his agenda, he said, but i have had no discussions with president and his team at all about joining a team to push back on this fake impeachment narrative .
trump's outside lawyer from the mueller investigation, jay sekulow, is also remaining involved in the impeachment efforts .
we will deal with matters as appropriate, sekulow said when reached by nbc news for comment .
the white house currently lacks a lawyer experienced in impeachment now that emmet flood, who worked on the clinton impeachment and guided the white house through the end of the mueller investigation, has left, with current white house counsel pat cipollone lacking that type of experience .
one source familiar with the white house strategy said that overall, officials were nowhere near the point of bringing people on board or setting up war rooms but acknowledge they need a coordinated, all handsondeck response effort and someone who can lead a political fight, the person said .
the meteorological department in its weather report released today morning has predicted rain with thunder in most parts of the country .
there may be rain or rain with thunder in the evening or night in most parts of the country .
a few places in sabaragamuwa, central and uva districts may receive up to 75 mm of rainfall .
areas lying beyond the coast in eastern district may receive moderate rain in the morning .
royal caribbean explorer of the seas cruise ship £89 million renovation revealed .
the explorer of the seas, part of the royal caribbean international family, is to set sail with a brand new look this summer .
following an impressive 110 million £89 million revamp, the vessel boasts an array of global culinary delights, as well as fun for the whole family .
this summer the explorer will dock at some of the finest ports across italy and greece, giving passengers a taste of mediterranean europe .
however, even once the adventure on land has ended, the ship promises to offer an experience to remember at sea .
offering something for everyone, the explorer's new 110m or roughly £89,000,000 boost has transformed the liner into a perfect family escape .
impressive technology means that passengers can surf on deck thanks to an advanced surf simulator or watch a family favourite while enjoying the weather at the outdoor cinema .
however, possibly the most groundbreaking feature of all is the addition of virtual balconies, allowing interior room passengers the opportunity to take in the ocean vistas from inside .
for the water babies, the reimagined swimming pool deck boasts the style of a caribbean resort, with the fun of a waterpark .
islandstyle hammocks and daybeds surround the pool ideal for relaxing in the sun, meanwhile two updated waterslides are on hand for the thrillseekers onboard .
appealing to all ages, the cruise liner boasts a number of activities to pass the time between destinations .
for the little ones, the kid's adventure ocean gives smaller members of the family an opportunity to make some memories, meanwhile an exclusive teen hangout offers a cool games and music area specifically designed for over 12s .
if that's not enough, the whole family can go head to head in a game of glowinthedark laser tag at the ship's studio b, which impressively doubles as an iceskating rink .
while sailing the mediterranean seas, guests will also have the chance to explore exotic flavours from around the world, thats a diverse expansion of the restaurants onboard .
updated asian cuisine is on offer at the ship's izumi restaurants, meanwhile a modern take on traditional italian cuisine will offer the finest food in a casual setting at the brand new giovanni's italian kitchen .
other eateries onboard include chops grille american steakhouse, boleros latin bar, schooner bar and johnny rockets express .
with a choice of seven and nine night itineraries, the cruise is due to depart from rome in may 2020 .
as royal caribbean's second european ship, it will join allure of the seas which has also recently undergone a jawdropping transformation .
following the allure's 58day makeover, which totalled a whopping 165million, the cruise operator gave guests who booked early a bonus 300 worth of onboard spending money .
according to the cruise operator explorer of the seas is the fourth ship in the voyager class to be transformed as part of the cruise line's royal amplified fleet modernisation effort .
an investment of more than 1 billion, across 10 ships in four years, the programme touches every facet of the guest experience and introduces a wide range of thrilling adventures spanning oneofakind attractions and experiential dining and nightlife .
devin nunes accuses democrats of wanting 'nude pictures of trump' .
congressman devin nunes rcalif apparently can't bare the thought of president donald trump being investigated .
and in his defense of the president on thursday, he accused democrats of trying to obtain nude pictures of the president .
nunes, the ranking republican on the house intelligence committee, made the accusation during his opening statement at the hearing about the whistleblower complaint alleging that trump sought ukrainian help in investigating democratic presidential candidate joe biden and his son .
the congressman called the ukraine scandal a grotesque spectacle created by the left and their media assets before claiming the democrats wanted to see photos of the president in the buff .
democrats on this very committee negotiated with people who they thought were ukrainians in order to obtain nude pictures of trump, nunes said .
people can reasonably ask why the democrats are so determined to impeach this president when in just a year, they will have a chance .
after nunes finished his dressingdown, huffpost senior political reporter jennifer bendery decided to find out if democratic politicians are trying to get to the, um, bottom of this .
so far, only connecticut rep jim himes d has responded, but we suspect his answer is the naked truth for many of his colleagues as well .
mediaitecom suspects nunes' clothingoptional comments were a reference to some of the more salacious and unconfirmed details that supposedly appear in the controversial steele dossier .
that's the infamous collection of explosive allegations against trump compiled by former british spy christopher steele that mentions the possible existence of a pee tape, which allegedly shows him watching sex workers engage in golden showers in a moscow hotel room .
there has been a stir as a statement from theni medical college principal rajendran contradicts a statement from student udit surya, who has been arrested for impersonation fraud in neet exams .
dr venkatesan is from tondiarpet in chennai .
he is a doctor in stanley medical college, chennai .
there was a complaint that his son was involved in a neet exam impersonation fraud .
after conducting enquiry in this regard, the cbcid police arrested student udit surya and his father dr venkatesan .
the investigation revealed that udit's father venkatesan paid rs 20 lakhs, made another student write the exam and admitted his son to medical college by means of fraud .
following this udit surya and his father were produced in court and were put in prison .
in this context, the cbcid police investigated theni medical college principal rajendran earlier before investigating udit surya regarding the neet exam impersonation .
there is a difference in his statement to the cbcid police and udit surya's statement .
in his explanation, theni medical college principal rajendran said that the person in the hall ticket was present during admission .
and the student admission was done based on that .
so the same person who wrote the neet exam was present during counselling and admission and udit surya was present only in the college classes, said the principal .
but udit surya has informed in his statement that he was directly present during counselling and student admission .
how did udit surya secure admission in the college using the hall ticket with the photo of an impersonated person? .
how it was unnoticed during counselling and admission? .
these are the questions raised now .
now the investigations reveal that the student udit surya has given the profile containing his photo to the medical college during admission .
the photos in that and the hall ticket are different .
also the statement of the student udit surya and the statement made by theni medical college principal rajendran to the cbcid police are different .
so the cbcid police have started investigation with higher officials also .
the mysteries will be solved only if the results are revealed .
whoever is involved will become known .
mr sarath pawar gave a stirring interview declaring he will not bow to the central government, and also announced he will appear before the enforcement department tomorrow, in connection with a cooperative bank scam case .
the state treasury suffered a loss of rs 25 thousand crores due to malpractices at the maharashtra cooperative bank in 2007 .
this loss is said to have been caused by granting loans to sugar factories and spinning factories violating the norms .
regarding this scam, the mumbai police have framed charges against a senior official of the nationalist congress party, former deputy chief minister mr ajit pawar and 70 other people as per the order of the bombay high court .
this includes political leaders, former executives of the cooperative bank and officers .
in a sudden twist in this case, the enforcement department has filed a case on ajit pawar and nationalist congress party president sarath pawar on the basis of the case filed by the police .
sharad pawar is a former chief minister and also served as a minister in the central government led by congress .
with the elections for maharastra assembly scheduled on the 21st of next month october, this move by the enforcement department has caused a stir .
in this backdrop the president of the nationalist congress party mr sharad pawar spoke to news reporters in mumbai .
i thank the enforcement department for including me in this case, even though i am not a member or a deciding authority .
there is nothing surprising about this move .
i will be mostly out of mumbai for campaigning in my assembly constituency .
so the enforcement department would misunderstand me as being in hiding .
i am going to the enforcement department office on friday tomorrow .
and also provide them the information they need .
it is their right to enquire about the case .
i believe in the constitution .
so i will fully cooperate with the investigation .
maharashtra follows the ideology of chhatrapati shivaji maharaj .
we don’t know how to bow before the throne of delhi .
the maharashtra chief minister mr devendra patnavis has denied the allegations of political interference in this case .
regarding this he said .
the high court has ordered the police to file a case in this regard when the fraud is to a scale of rs 100 crores, the enforcement department will enquire that case .
so the enforcement department has become involved this case .
it is wrong to say that this move is for political reasons .
potential renewable biofuel research could help lower emissions .
while electric cars and tesla semitrucks have dominated the headlines in recent years, one thing flies seemingly out of the reach of renewable energy airplanes .
but a professor at the university of alberta has developed a technology that could allow renewable biofuels to be used as jet fuel .
dr david bressler is a professor at the university of alberta in the faculty of agricultural, life environmental sciences who began this project in 2003 .
his lab is developing hydrocarbon fuel from lipid wastes like restaurant grease, animal renderings, and canola oil .
unlike ethanol and other biofuels, this technology can use lower quality oils in its production, allowing it to not only release an estimated 85 per cent less carbon emissions than petroleumbased fuels, but also utilizing wastes from other industries in the process .
the technology works to mimic the hydrocarbons present in petroleumbased fuels .
what our technology did in the first generation, bressler said is actually make the hydrocarbons which are the exact molecules in diesel gasoline .
while this presents a new option for biofuel use, previously produced biofuel technologies tend to destabilize at lower temperatures, which, for an aircraft travelling at high altitudes, poses a serious problem .
the problem with jet fuel is it's a bit of a catch22, bressler said .
it's actually worth less than diesel but it has higher requirements .
bressler's lab is currently looking at two options for producing jet biofuel .
the first being a lowrisk approach which requires giving their hydrocarbon biofuel another treatment and adding in hydrogen .
the second option is to continue work on already partially developed chemistry which would keep the fuel stable, even at lower temperatures .
we can actually play some games with the chemistry in our reactor to try to change the chemistry a little bit, bressler said about the second option .
that one's a higher risk .
the university of alberta spinoff company forge hydrocarbons is working on commercializing the product as airlines and both the canadian and american militaries are increasingly investing in the renewable option .
they can see a future where one day somebody might turn around and charge them a carbon tax, he said .
they want an alternative in place that is a fallback position .
currently, forge runs a pilot plant near edmonton's waste management centre and recently acquired a us4 million investment from lockheed martin to support the construction of a 25million production facility to be located in sombra, ontario .
the facility is expected to produce around 19 million litres of biofuel each year .
bressler also notes while estimates for carbon reductions are around 85 per cent, aspects such as how the fuel is transported and produced are reasons for why carbon reductions aren't higher .
as a technology guy, bressler said .
my job is to create options so there can be an informed decision and multiple choices on which to go with .
the high court decided yesterday to review the fundamental right petition filed by the obstetrician and gynaecologist dr sehu sihabdeen of kurunakal doctrine hospital .
this petition is to be taken up by the high court on 24th january .
it should be noted that the doctor shabi has filed a fundamental right petition objecting his arrest and detention by the criminal investigation department under various charges including doing illegal contraceptive surgery and collection of funds by improper means .
boris johnson's allies warn britain faces lastyle riots if brexit is reversed as pm calls for calm .
a senior cabinet minister last night said the country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the original result .
the prime minister's senior allies warned the uk faces civil unrest on the scale of the yellow vest protests in france over economic inequalities and los angeles riots in 1992 .
mr johnson said tempers need to come down in the furious row over political language but insisted he won't stop using the word surrender .
despite his appeal for calm, a cabinet minister told the times in this country we never had the gilets jaunes yellow vests or the la riots in 1992 .
people don't think it's possible in this country just because it has not happened before .
now they have a model gilets jaunes they have encrypted phones to coordinate it, and it only takes a couple of nasty populist frontmen to inspire people .
riots in erupted in los angeles after a jury acquitted four white police officers for beating up a black taxi driver rodney king in 1992 .
earlier this year, antigovernment french protesters wearing yellow high visibility vests gilet jaunes have been wrought havoc and destruction on the streets of paris for more than six weeks .
the minister pointed to mr johnson's warning in the commons that there would be a catastrophic loss of confidence in our political system if britain failed to leave the eu .
if we have a referendum with 30 million people who vote, and we vote remain by 66 per cent, that's ten million people who are unhappy, said the minister .
even if 99 per cent of them shrug it off, that's still 100,000 really angry people who will write to their mp and not let it go .
it doesn't take much and soon you have tens of thousands of people on the street .
a senior cabinet minister added that country risked a violent, popular uprising if a second referendum overturned the result of the first one .
mr johnson has called for there to be a general election to allow voters to settle brexit .
it has been reported he is facing a cabinet revolt to lower his brexit demands and cut a compromise deal with the eu instead .
pakistan social media star's brother gets life for her 'honour' murder .
women's rights experts say that enforcement of justice is often lax, with proceedings at times being drawn out while accused killers were freed on bail and cases faded away .
it takes too long, people forget, said farzana bari, a women's rights advocate and founder of pakistan's first gender studies department at a university, adding that even the highprofile baloch case had taken over three years to be resolved .
though rights groups say reliable data is hard to establish, the human rights commission of pakistan found at least 300 cases of honour killing in 2018 .
many advocates say the actual number is far higher, with the honour based violence awareness network estimating that pakistan accounts for about a fifth of the 5,000 honour killings globally each year .
prolonged monsoon brings floods and chaos to many parts of india .
india's monsoon season has overrun by almost a month, with unprecedented rainfall causing deaths from collapsing buildings and many crops beginning to rot .
normally the monsoon in north india recedes by the beginning of september, but the average rainfall this month has been 37 above normal .
if the situation continues for the remaining few days, it will be the latest the monsoon has ever receded in decades, according to experts in the india meteorological department .
many areas of the country are still getting unprecedented rain, the latest being the town of pune in western india, where torrential rain on wednesday and thursday caused several deaths and havoc from collapsed buildings .
homes were flooded and people waded through streets with water up to their knees in scenes normally seen only at the height of the monsoon .
other cities such as kolkata, lucknow and hyderabad have also experienced heavy rainfall .
uttarakhand state in the north has seen extensive damage to homes from the prolonged rains .
the monsoon was also late to arrive .
many areas suffered water shortages and farmers braced themselves for a possible drought .
the extended monsoon is not welcome among farmers .
this amount of rain is not normal at this time of the year .
it is making my vegetables i've got cabbage, beans, peas and tomatoes at the moment rot, said prakash mehra, a small farmer in bhimtal in uttarakhand .
for consumers, the impact of the delayed and now latereceding monsoon has meant a rise in the price in the price of onions, an essential ingredient in indian food .
onions are selling at 80 rupees about £1 a kilo in cities such as delhi and mumbai, as opposed to the normal 20 rupees 23p .
festivals are also at risk .
the next big festival is dussehra on 8 october, when hindus erect giant, comic bookstyle effigies of ravana, a figure from the hindu epic the ramayana who sports a bushy moustache and an evil grin .
burning ravana symbolises the triumph of good over evil .
but given that the effigies are made of paper, if the monsoon continues, ravana might have the last laugh .
how would the environment of a government hospital be if it is used for multiple facilities such as a bus stop, free car park, public toilet and meeting ground for political parties? .
this is the plight of the government hospital in uthangarai, in krishnagiri district .
this is an important government hospital where 1000 to 1200 patients are treated everyday .
in the areas that surround hospitals, many rules need to be followed, such as avoiding excessive noise and pollution .
with nobody following these rules, the uthangarai government hospital is in an awful state .
government and private buses are parked just near the entrance of the hospital .
even though the bus stop is near the hospital, the buses are parked near the entrance .
those buses create noise pollution .
the conductors' shouting adds to the woes .
the government hospital entrance is also the shelter for private ambulances .
so there is always traffic congestion in front of the entrance .
tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon, minister of revenue and disaster management rb udhayakumar said in trichy .
minister rb udhayakumar, who came to trichy to take part in various programmes, spoke to reporters .
other states except tamil nadu face the southwest monsoon .
the northeast monsoon commences in the month of october in tamil nadu and lasts for three months .
during this monsoon, if the low pressure bays formed on the surface of the sea gather momentum, there are chances that there may be cyclone landfall .
considering the impact of the previous cyclones, tamil nadu is ready to face the northeast monsoon during the current year .
4,393 areas are found to be prone to risks .
among these, places where water stagnates up to 5 feet were listed as most dangerous .
12 coastal districts in the state have a possibility of being affected by cyclones .
121 special centres have been set up in these districts to provide a safe shelter to the public .
apart from these, marriage halls, schools and community centres in other districts are also instructed to be kept ready .
rs 148 crores have been allocated for rescue works .
the state disaster force in these districts is also in a state of preparedness .
due to the precautionary measures taken by the government, not a single fisherman died during cyclone gaja .
instead there were losses of lives due to wall collapses and electrocution .
adequate precautionary measures are being taken this year to avoid even these such casualties .
along with rescue works, relief, rehabilitation and restructuring works are also going on .
accordingly, steps have been taken to issue pattas to 110 lakh people who have lost their homes and build houses in the districts of pudukkottai, tanjore, nagapattinam and thiruvarur which were affected by cyclone gaja .
thus the minister spoke .
due to the rains in the past few days, the lake in lord muruga temple in tiruttani is full .
saravana poigai lake is located near the steps that lead to the hill temple .
the devotees, after taking a holy bath in this lake, will walk through steps and worship .
in addition to this, during the annual aadi krithigai festival, a three day raft festival is celebrated in this lake .
since there was no water in the holy lake during the aadi krithigai festival last month, the lake was filled with water from tractors with the help of temple management, volunteers and devotees .
the function was held after that .
in this scenario, due to heavy rains during the last few days in tiruttani town, saravana poigai lake is full and the surplus water is overflowing now .
after a period of four years, the holy lake is overflowing only now .
district collector mr p ponnaiah has said that farmers can make more profit by choosing the fast growing tilapia fish .
in a press release regarding this he said .
farmers growing fish in farm ponds can select geneticallyenhanced tilapia fish they grow faster and are more profitable than other fish .
more tilapia fish can be kept and grown in less area compared to other fishes .
these fish are more immune and can grow faster than other fish .
also consumers want this fish more than other fish .
so farmers are requested to select these geneticallyenhanced fish and get more profit by growing them .
tilapia fish seeds are ready for sale throughout the year at the government fish farm located near krishnagiri dam .
farmers can buy and grow these fish .
farmers growing these fish have to erect safety fencing around their fish farms and due care should be taken to prevent these fish from spreading to the nearby water bodies .
they have to register their farms in kanchipuram district fish growers’ development camp first and then start growing the fish .
further details can be obtained in person at the office of the assistant director, fisheries department, east coast road, neelangarai, kanchipuram district or by calling 04424492719 .
a memorandum of understanding has been signed between three parties to conduct dna tests on human bones found in keezhadi .
the archaeology department of tamil nadu, madurai kamaraj university and harvard medical school have signed a memorandum of understanding to conduct dna tests on bones that were obtained during excavation of the sites at keezhadi, konthagai and adichanallur in tamil nadu .
the executive secretary and commissioner of the archaeology department t udhayachandran said .
the archaeology department, madurai kamaraj university and the david reich lab of harvard medical school will jointly sign a memorandum of understanding to take up the research .
we are hopeful of finding more ancient human bones in our future archaeological excavations in konthagai, keezhadi and adichanallur .
these samples will be sent for dna research .
this will reveal the genes that were found in the human bones excavated in tamil nadu .
heavy exposure to pesticides may boost risk of heart disease, stroke .
working around high levels of pesticides may translate into a high risk for heart trouble later, a new study suggests .
that was the case for a group of japaneseamerican men in hawaii who were followed for more than three decades .
compared to men who had not worked around pesticides, those who had the greatest exposure had a 45 percent higher risk for heart disease or stroke, researchers found .
this study emphasizes the importance of using personal protective equipment during exposure to pesticides on the job and the importance of documenting occupational exposure to pesticides in medical records, as well as controlling standard heart disease risk factors, said study coauthor dr beatriz rodriguez .
she's a professor of geriatric medicine at the university of hawaii at manoa .
the findings stem from data on more than 6,000 men on oahu who took part in the kuakini honolulu heart program .
because only men of japanese descent were involved, the findings may not apply to women or other populations, the researchers noted .
since pesticides have a long halflife, their effects on health may show up years after exposure .
in this case, the greatest effects were seen within 10 years of exposure .
after following the men for 34 years, the link between being exposed to pesticides at work and heart disease and stroke was no longer significant, rodriguez said in a news release .
this was probably because other factors tied to aging became more important, masking the possible relation of pesticides and cardiovascular disease later in life .
researchers found no significant link between exposure to low to moderate amounts of pesticides and the risk of heart disease or stroke .
the zelenskytrump phone call poroshenko weighs in .
it was an explosive week in washington politics, with impeachment proceedings launched against us president donald trump .
for political novice volodymyr zelensky, being swept up into a political scandal is a move he would have wanted to avoid .
but what do we know so far about the zelenskytrump affair and will it have farreaching effects for the former? .
quite early on in the phone call, trump tells zelensky that the us is doing more for ukraine than other european countries .
although the calls notes released by the white house is not verbatim, it details trump taking a hit at german chancellor angela merkel that the german leader and other european counterparts engage in talks rather than concrete proposals .
it was zelensky's response that has been seen as controversial, saying that he does not agree with trump 100, rather 1000 .
zelensky added that both the french president macron and merkel are not working enough to assist ukraine .
this exchange had politicians, particularly from the opposition within ukraine, talking on social media .
petro poroshenko, ukraine's former president, took to twitter to say that the support provided by the eu has been unprecedented .
in other tweets, poroshenko said that he was grateful for the eu support provided during russian aggression, which included sanctions and economic aid .
others expressed their concern, with ukranian politician victoria voytsiska saying how could we speak to germany and france again? .
trump goes on to allude to military aid and asks zelensky to investigate not one, but two claims one into joe biden's son hunter but also into the hacked dnc server, suggesting that ukraine had some involvement in hacking into the democrat's emails during the 2016 election .
whether this will hinder european relations, or burn bridges with his french and german counterparts, is unclear .
i don't want to say anything bad about anyone .
we thank everyone who helps us, zelensky said in new york at the un general assembly following the release of the phone transcript .
zelensky is set to meet the leaders of russia, germany, and france in the upcoming normandy four summit in october .
previously dormant black holes may suddenly become active and swallow the stars that pass nearby .
if a black hole becomes a shining atomic nucleus it is called a quasar .
the scientists in baltimore observatory in america have seen six of these quasars .
the scientists are also surprised that this phenomenon, which should have taken thousands of years, wass over within six months .
the reason for growing many trees is that they absorb the carbon dioxide in the air, and release oxygen .
but a bbioreactor device namely eos created by hypergiant industries absorbs as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees .
it is an algae called chlorella vulgaris, grown inside the eos bioreactor that looks like a refrigerator, that absorbs the carbon dioxide .
the prime minister narendra modi made a speech on the radio programme 'maan ki bath' .
during the speech, prime minister narendra modi conveyed his wishes for navaratri and also requested the people to make this 150th birth anniversary of gandhi a special one and free this country from singleuse plastic .
modi spoke tobacco affects brain growth and injures health, so we should try to avoid that .
ecigarettes have been banned recently as they contain harmful chemicals .
the public don’t have enough awareness about this .
young peope should stay away from ecigarettes .
there has been a misconception that ecigarettes are harmless .
unlike normal cigarettes, heating liquids containing nicotine in ecigarettes produces a kind of chemical smoke this can be detrimental to the health .
ghana wins two icao awards .
ghana has won two prestigious awards at the ongoing 40th international civil aviation organisation icao assembly in montreal, canada .
the safety award was in recognition of ghana obtaining africa's highest score in aviation safety oversight after scoring a provisional effective implementation ei rate of 8989 percent .
this was after icao concluded its coordinated validation mission icvm on april 3, 2019, in line with the united nations aviation agency's universal safety oversight audit programme .
the award for security was in recognition of the country's high commitment to the icao's recommended standards and protocols on security at the airport and ghana's airspace .
the awards scheme was established in support of the icao's no country left behind initiative .
additionally, 16 other certificates were awarded for safety and 17 certificates awarded for security to member states of icao who had improved upon their safety and security standards .
present to receive the awards for ghana was the minister of aviation, joseph kofi adda director general of the ghana civil aviation authority, simon allotey ghana's ambassador to canada, nii ayikoi otoo and the managing director of the ghana airport company limited, yaw kwakwa .
the president for the international civil aviation organisation, olumuyiwa benard aliu, in his address stressed the need for member states to maintain safety in the aviation space .
he said it is important for us to continue to remind ourselves that even in the era of innovation, aviation safety, security and sustainability must remain our most fundamental priorities .
on his part, mr adda remarked that the awards were great achievement to the country's efforts, as it would complement the sector's hard work and perseverance .
he further noted that the aviation sector held great potential to developing the country's economy, saying aviation holds a lot to transform our lives .
the socioeconomic benefits are there but all comes from the safety and security which we've been able to achieve .
in the midst of the united nations general assembly meeting held yesterday in new york, prime minister modi held a discussion with the member countries of the caribbean community and common market caricom .
during this meeting modi announced financial assistance of 14 million usd for caribbean community and common market community development projects and a loan of 150 million usd for schemes related to solar, renewable energy and climate change .
prime minister modi also announced the setting up of the regional centre for excellence in information technology in georgetown and the setting up of the regional vocational training centre in belize .
caricom is a federation of 20 nations in the caribbean islands, ie the west indies .
they work together to build economic and political community, to design policies for the region and to promote economic growth and trade .
during his welcome address for the leaders of the west indian islands, prime minister modi said, “i welcome your interest in participating in this meeting .
india is fighting against some important issues of today such as climate change and poverty .
with today's meeting, india joins caricom countries in fulfilling today's needs and future aspirations with mutual cooperation .
i hope that we all put forward important recommendations from our part,” prime minister modi said .
the caribbean islands are located in the americas region .
a few of these islands are surrounded by caribbean islands .
a few islands are surrounded by caribbean islands on one side and on the other side by the north atlantic ocean .
these islands are located in the southeast bay regions of mexico, east of central america and north of south america .
it consists of around 700 islands .
though these islands are located very close to america, economically they are still developing .
a considerable number of peope of indian origin live on these islands .
in this context india has made this financial assistance to the caribbean countries .
trump nominates peter gaynor to be fema chief white house .
federal emergency management agency fema acting administrator peter gaynor smiles as he testifies before a senate appropriations homeland security subcommittee hearing on fema's fy2020 budget request on capitol hill in washington, us, april 3, 2019 .
washington reuters us president donald trump nominated peter gaynor on thursday to head the federal emergency management agency fema, the white house said in a statement .
gaynor, fema's deputy administrator, had been acting chief of the agency, which oversees the government response to disasters like hurricanes and wildfires .
the agency has been without a senateconfirmed administrator since march, when brock long left the post .
long resigned after the department of homeland security, under which fema falls, concluded long had inappropriately used government vehicles to commute between washington and his home in north carolina .
a different nominee for the job, jeffrey byard, was withdrawn from consideration earlier this month, after a background check uncovered allegations that he had been involved in a barroom brawl .
gaynor's nomination to the post was expected .
he will require a majority of the senate to approve the nomination to take the job .
before becoming fema's deputy administrator in 2018, gaynor worked in emergency management in rhode island and was a marine, the white house said .
even after many rounds of talks between tamil nadu and karnataka regarding the cauvery issue there is no success, central minister nitin gadkari has informed .
the 34th convocation of vit university was held yesterday at katpadi in vellore district .
the central road transport minister nitin gadkari participated in that event as a special invitee .
his speech goes on like this apart from the generation of electricity from wind mill and solar energy, the scheme to convert sea water into drinking water is also planned to be implemented .
we are considering the generation of electricity from windmills at a low cost in tuticorin, kandla and paradeep ports .
if this scheme is implemented, electricity can be generated at a cost of rs 250 per unit .
to prevent 3000 tmc waste water entering into sea from godavari in andhra pradesh, we have devised a plan at a cost of 6 thousand crore rupees and implemented that .
but many rounds of talks with tamil nadu and karnataka to implement water conservation schemes have not yielded results .
there will not be any issue between tamilnadu and karnataka if cauvery waste water entering the sea is stopped .
so far there has been no improvement in the cauvery issue through dialogue, .
thus gadkari spoke .
following this, gadkari participated in laying the foundation stone for coir bodies started in 13 states, held on behalf of coir board .
when gadkari left the venue the bjp cadres shouted “bharat mata ki jai,” as usual .
meanwhile the supporters of vellore dmk mp kathir anand, who were present there, shouted long live periyar .
seeing this, gadkari left the venue, smiling .
police shut down illegal marijuana vaping operating in san gabriel valley cbs los angeles .
el monte cbsla police shut down an illegal marijuana vaping operation in the san gabriel valley thursday .
the bust happened at about 437 pm after police conducting a warrant search for suspected illegal marijuana vape pen sales and found large jars of butane honey oil concentrated cannabis oil at an office building in the 9600 block of telstar avenue .
lt christopher cano with the el monte police said officers also found a machine that was used to load vape cartridges .
the process is very dangerous, cano said .
cano, who used to work narcotics, said the process of distilling the oil for use in vape products is potentially flammable .
simple static electricity from our clothes can ignite these fumes causing not just a fire, but an explosion because it's under concentration, he said .
and if there's multiple jars and things like that, we're going to have one explosion after the next causing not just a fire, but we could possibly have a full complex taken out with the explosion .
a hazmat team was called to the vacant office to take possession of the illegal and potentially dangerous substance .
the value of the confiscated products and equipment was not immediately known .
detectives said they received an anonymous tip that led to the search warrant where they discovered the illegal operation .
investigators are still trying to figure out who's behind the illegal vaping operation .
they said they believe the person responsible set up shop in the office because the space was vacant .
while the investigation continues, officers said they wanted to make sure the illegal vaping products did not make it to the street, especially in the wake of recent headlines involving the dangers of vaping .
this is just stuff that they don't even know if they're truly getting what they think that they're buying, cano said .
this could be mixed with other harmful chemicals .
it could be very harmful to our community, to our children, so we always caution them that they should stay away from these operations .
elizabeth i's lost dress to go on display at hampton court palace .
it was made of the finest chamblet silk, woven with strips of beaten silver, and had been exquisitely embroidered in a rich pattern of plants, beasts and butterflies .
to eleri lynn, curator of the dress collection at historic royal palaces, that meant only one thing .
the faded piece of fabric she was looking at, hanging on the wall of a tiny rural parish church where it had been placed 100 years earlier, could only be a lost piece of clothing from the wardrobe of elizabeth i .
three years after lynn stumbled across the sumptuous fabric, which had been used as an altar cloth in the church in bacton, herefordshire, elizabeth's lost dress is to go on display next month at hampton court palace, close to the very rooms where the tudor queen may well have worn it more than 450 years ago .
it is a measure of the importance of the discovery that in the entire royal dress collection, only one other item of 16thcentury dress survives .
and while there is no cast iron proof that the dress was once worn by elizabeth, three years of scholarship have only strengthened experts' conviction that the dress must have been part of the royal wardrobe .
cloth of silver, a fantastically expensive fabric, was by law reserved only for the most senior members of the royal household, while the virtuoso quality of the embroidered plants and flowers, later supplemented by stags and dogs, butterflies, fishermen and a bear, also points to the loftiest of previous owners .
the gown, at the time it was made, would have cost the equivalent of a tudor mansion .
in addition, said lynn, in the 1590s, late in elizabeth's reign, she had grown threatened by other women at court and would not have tolerated rivals wearing such exquisite fabric .
it's a big thing to say, so i have had lots of peer reviewers come and have a look at it .
and it has always been really gratifying that when they see it they have a wow moment too, and leave quite convinced that we are looking at an item of royal dress .
the long second life of the dress panel, recut to serve as an altar cloth in the obscure church of st faith's, bacton, is not quite so unexpected as it might appear .
bacton was the home hamlet of blanche parry, the closest of elizabeth's maids of honour who served the queen throughout her long life, and local legend has long associated the textile with parry .
though the dress postdates her death in 1590, experts believe elizabeth must have given it to the parry family or the parish in blanche's memory, before her own death in 1603 .
after more than 1,000 hours of conservation, 400 of them spent in the most delicate handstitching using specially dyed silk and fine surgical needles, the altar cloth will go on display next to the rainbow portrait, one of the most celebrated contemporary paintings of elizabeth, which shows her dressed in a similar gown and which has been loaned by hatfield house for the duration of the exhibition .
when you're working with historic textiles you gain a real respect for the craftsmanship of the people who made them, said libby thompson, who led the conservation, much of which took place in a converted greenhouse in the hampton court grounds the only space large enough to house some of the palace's priceless tapestries .
looking at the embroidery, on the front and the back, it's given me a massive respect for those who made it .
i have never worked on anything that's quite so elite .
the lost dress of elizabeth opens on 12 october at hampton court palace .
the incident of a student named udit surya joining in theni medical college by impersonation has come to light .
following this he has been arrested by the cbcid police along with the family .
following this the verification process of student images has been intensified in all medical colleges .
in this situation, a difference between the old and present images of students jothika and siva ramachandran of psg medical college, coimbatore was found .
subsequently an enquiry was made by the medical college department .
the interview given by the director of medical college narayana babu, to the reporters today .
we received a complaint on 23rd that there is slight difference between the images of the two students .
following this, we constituted an enquiry committee comprising 5 members .
we conducted an enquiry with the two students and their parents .
we collected their certificates, neet exam hall ticket, and identity card and compared these documents with our documents .
at the end of this scrutiny it was confirmed that both the students were not fake .
problems like this arise even when there is a small difference in the photographs .
so the health minister has ordered the introduction of a biometric process in student admission from next year onwards .
in future biometric and fingerprints will be used .
during application, exam and student admission phases, the details of the concerned student will open only upon providing the fingerprints .
so no one can cheat .
following this the students siva ramachandran and jothika who were subjected to the enquiry spoke to the reporters together .
jothika said in the photo provided by me i appeared with double braids .
that photograph was taken during my school days .
now i have changed my hairstyle .
so it is not similar now .
so i have been made to face enquiry for this small issue .
my haircut has created the problem and nothing else, she lamented .
ramachandran said there is difference between my present and old images .
at that time, i had only one photo .
that was an old photo .
hence there was confusion, and an enquiry was made .
pondicherry plastic association has requested prime minister modi to save the livelihoods of lakhs of workers .
a press note released by sankaran and secretary vk balu says .
in india plastic recycling is done by collecting the plastic thrown in streets and dustbins .
plastic that is currently banned in few states throughout india is recyclable .
in india due to poverty and unemployment 60 to 70 of plastic waste is recycled already .
the remaining plastic waste can also be used in a useful way .
plastic waste can be used in various ways such as 1 plastic tar roads 2 electricity generation 3 petrol and diesel production 4 concrete block production .
the carrier bags which are considered as the most important singleuse and disposable items are being given free to the public because of the culture of compulsorily providing free packing of items while buying in shops .
these plastic bags are seen openly in water bodies .
since these carrier bags have very low density, all other waste materials thrown into water bodies reach the bottom, except the plastic .
unfortunately only the plastics are seen floating .
throughout india there are 40,000 plastic manufacturing industries .
among them 98 belong to small scale and marginal industries .
similarly there are thousands of shops that sell plastic items .
there are 2,000 companies that export plastic materials .
it gives employment to around 50 lakh in both production and sales .
plastic industries have a turnover of 5 lakh crores and give an income of 50 crores to central and state governments .
as far as the plastic industry is concerned, there are no environmental issues in its production or usage .
but unfortunately environmental issues are caused because of a lack of awareness among the public about the environment .
so we humbly request the prime minister not to ban any plastic items on october 2 and make an announcement to impose strict rules to handle plastic waste properly and to act in a constructive way, and to save the livelihood of thousands of young, small and marginal scale entrepreneurs who are dependent on this industry and the livelihoods of lakhs of workers who are dependent on them .
thus they said in the statement .
the president of the indian haj association abubacker, who participated in the all india haj seminar, said that efforts will be taken to include india in the list of countries that provide on the spot umrah visas on landing in saudi arabia, in the airport itself .
he proudly informed that tamil nadu is the only state in the country giving grants to haj pilgrims .
an all india level seminar conducted by indian haj was held in haj house in mumbai .
the indian ambassador for saudi arabia dr azub and the president of the indian haj association abubacker attended as special invitees .
leaders of the haj association, executive officers and officials of the external affairs and minority welfare departments also participated along with them .
during his speech abubacker said that the government of tamil nadu has been giving grants to haj pilgrimage for the past two years due to the love and affection it has towards muslims .
he noted that tamil nadu is the only state in india to give such a grant .
following his speech, the indian ambassador for saudi arabia said that efforts will be made for the pilgrimage of 30 lakh hajis before the year 2025 .
hajis who went on pilgrimage in 2019 were known to have a few problems on the air india flight .
hence a new agreement will be made with air india to provide more facilities to the hajis who would go on the 2020 haj pilgrimage .
he also said arrangements will be made to accommodate hajis with star hotel facilities, with the help of oio, a saudibased indian firm .
steps to be taken to make more muslims travel were also discussed in this review meeting .
on behalf of 30 crore muslims in india and the indian haj association, president abubacker thanked the prime minister's office and minorities ministry for their tireless work for the 2019 haj pilgrimage .
a car was suspiciously caught in mud on agricultural land this morning in ponnai sn palayam, near katpadi in vellore district .
there was noone near it .
the car's back window was broken .
there were dangerous weapons like sickles and knives and red sanders inside the car .
the people of the village alerted the ponnai police about the matter .
the police quickly arrived on scene and rescued the car that was caught in the mud .
mexican cartel boss behind onethird of drugs in the us .
chicago just after sunrise on chicago's west side, cbs news watched the morning rush for drugs .
brian mcknight with the drug enforcement administration dea showed what was going on in broad daylight .
last year in chicago, almost 800 people died from drug overdoses .
mcknight said probably 90 of the drugs in chicago are coming from mexico .
the dea is focused on a mexican drug lord named nemesio cervantes, known simply as el mencho .
he is the number one priority for dea and frankly for federal law enforcement in the united states, said matthew donahue, the dea's top agent in mexico .
a bounty for el mencho is up to 10 million .
he has helped uncover dozens of el mencho drug labs in the jungle .
el mencho's cartel jalisco nueva generacion, or cjng, is responsible for at least a third of the drugs entering the us by land and sea .
according to the department of justice, the cartel has trafficked tons of cocaine, methamphetamine and fentanyllaced heroin .
el mencho has a 10 million bounty on his head .
ironically, he lived in california some 30 years ago, where he was arrested on drug charges and eventually deported back to mexico .
that's where he started the violent cartel .
he has got an enormous amount of weapons, rpgs, 50 caliber weapons .
he basically has his own swat teams, donahue said .
from shooting down a mexican army helicopter, killing six, to being implicated in a public hanging this summer, el mencho protects his empire with impunity .
cartel violence has led to thousands of murders in recent years .
according to statistics from the mexican government, there are approximately 94 homicides per day .
back in chicago, the mexican drugs seized are so toxic, they can't be handled without protective gear .
at the lab, packs of cocaine are stamped with trafficker brands .
more than a third can be traced back to el mencho's cartel .
he is the one that is responsible for sending the poison that is actually killing innocent women and kids, donahue said .
so, when someone's child dies, donahue said there's a good chance those drugs came from el mencho's organization .
last year, more than 67,000 americans died from an overdose .
those who don't feel proud to call modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians, central minister jitendra singh has said .
it is a known fact that bjp leaders are continuously engaged in projecting gandhi and nehru in the wrong sense .
just a few hours before a programme howdy modi in houston in america, the central minister amit shah has said that nehru was the reason behind the creation of pakistanoccupied kashmir .
a few days ago, many bjp leaders including pragya thakur insulted gandhi and praised ghotse .
in the program “howdy modi” held in houston, prime minister modi informed that he supports american president trump to be elected again .
in return american president trump has heavily praised modi .
during his speech he mentioned that there were severe divisions in india and as the father of the nation he eliminated those divisions and united the nation .
while gandhi is usually called as the father of nation, this has shocked several people .
senior congress leader anand sharma said “the prime minister has used the programme howdy modi to campaign for trump .
this is a very wrong .
projecting himself as the father of india, instead of gandhi is also a wrong one” .
central minister of state jitendra singh said “american president trump has praised our prime minister as the father of india .
a few have objected to this .
those who don’t feel proud in calling prime minister modi as the father of india should not call themselves indians,” and this speech has created controversy .
the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
in the meeting of ministers of the nonalignment movement, the secretary of sri lankan external affairs noted that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
the speech of the external affairs secretary is as follows .
the secretary of sri lankan external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles as universal multilateral mechanisms is subject to trouble .
as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly, while speaking in the minister's level meeting of the nonalignment movement in new york on 26 september 2019, the secretary of external affairs underlined that the applicability of bandung principles when the universal multilateral mechanisms is in trouble .
as the nonalignment movement includes 55 percent of the world population, it is its moral duty to voice the concerns of the south, particularly the growing small countries .
sri lanka again confirmed its commitment towards the efforts of the nonaligned movement that faces universal challenges such as conflicts, migration, climate change and infectious diseases that cross national borders .
nontraditional security threats such as climate change is not only a threat to the economy and community but also emerges as security threat that affects communities and countries due to manmade disasters .
while welcoming the summit of united nations general secretary for climaterelated actions, held in the headquarters of united nations on 23 september 2019, the secretary aryasinghe expressed his deep concerns about negative impacts of climate change in island nations such as sri lanka .
the external affairs secretary expressed hope that by fulfilling the duties mentioned in the paris agreement, the cop25 to be held in chile will increase its efforts to combat climate change .
the external affairs secretary aryasinghe informed that sri lanka gains prominence in opposing all kinds of racism, hatred and violent extremism and there is the need to focus on the new threats that are proved by the easter sunday attacks in sri lanka .
he also noted that such a universal threat threatens the security of all nations and it cannot be handled by a single country but needs cooperation, and also he called upon the nonalignment movement to contribute in a constructive and cohesive manner for this universal security threat .
the external affairs secretary also noted that sri lanka believes in a free society where freedom of expression is ensured, however we should stay vigilant about hate speech and the threat of abusing the internet and social media platforms .
the theme 'upholding the principles of sovereignty and political freedom as a means of maintaining universal peace and security and improving friendship and cooperation between nations' became the subject of a ministerslevel meeting and also an outcome document was accepted .
sri lanka was the joint sponsor of 1955 bandung conference and a founder member of the nonalignment movement .
this group has been growing continuously for the six decades and its current number of members in united nations is 120, which is more than two thirds of the members .
new york is the permanent embassy of sri lanka for the un .
to improve the livelihood of poor and disadvantaged people in tamil nadu, former chief minister jayalalitha has announced an affordable amma cement scheme .
cement bags will be sold at 190 rupees per bag .
to obtain this, an aadhar card, family card, flat document and approved building map or an approval certificate from the village administrative officer needs to be handed over to the amma cement head of sales at tamil nadu civil supplies corporation godown .
the application should be sent along with the dd for the number of cement bags needed .
the cement bags will be handed over within one week of uploading the dd number on the website .
this is the procedure .
this is not followed properly in many places .
throughout tamil nadu there are complaints about officials receiving money inappropriately and selling amma cement bags on the black market .
to avoid any difficulties, the users try to get the bags quickly by offering kickbacks .
ps4 game goes oldschool, as sony reveals surprise playstation 4 news .
sony has shed more light on upcoming ps4 exclusive the last of us part two .
as part of sony's recent state of play presentation, sony announced a february 2020 release date for the last of us sequel .
fans were also treated to some breathtaking new gameplay footage of the upcoming action game .
even more details have been announced in the days since the big last of us 2 gameplay reveal .
and it looks like sony and naughty dog are taking it back to the oldschool in more ways than one .
something we haven't seen very often since the psone era, the last of us part 2 will ship on multiple discs .
naughty dog's neil druckmann confirmed as much in an excellent interview with the telegraph, explaining that the sequel evolved into one of the biggest games ever .
this story is ambitious and complex in ways that the first one wasn't, he said .
and it needed to be that big to tell this kind of story with this many characters .
we didn't set out to make the biggest game ever, it just kind of evolved that way .
we got excited by how much this story has to offer, and there's going to be moments where you'll think you're getting to the end and you'll realise it was just the opening part and it's opened up to this whole other section, druckmann continues .
it's so ambitious the game doesn't fit on one bluray, it's on two discs .
elsewhere, it was revealed that the last of us part two contains one or two not safe for work easter eggs via gamespot .
while we won't ruin the surprise here, the ingame easter eggs include references to oldschool naughty dog releases .
you can find out more when the last of us part two launches exclusively for ps4 on february 21, 2020 .
ps4 owners can prepare for the release of the sequel by picking up the last of us remastered with ps plus .
sony recently announced the playstation plus free ps4 games for october 2019, which includes the aforementioned naughty dog release .
mlb the show 19 will also be available for ps plus subscribers in october .
if you enjoy the last of us remastered and want to preorder the sequel, sony has announced multiple editions of the game, including a bumper version containing a replica of ellie's backpack, her bracelet and a 12inch statue of the iconic character .
the sri lankan government has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again .
a media release given by the foreign affairs ministry regarding this is as follows .
external affairs secretary aryasinghe has welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into commonwealth again .
last thursday the external affairs secretary ravinatha aryasinghe welcomed the proposal to allow maldives back into the commonwealth again and in order to allow complete participation in the commonwealth government leaders' conference in 2020 he again insisted the complete support of sri lanka to use the fasttrack process that was used in allowing zambia back in again .
he made this observation in the conference of the commonwealth external affairs minister presided by the minister of state for the commonwealth and united nations lord ahmed of wimbledon, as a side event of the 74th session of united nations general assembly .
he informed that sri lanka experiences a strong mutual relation with maldives which is a close neighbour and one of the south asian countries and we are happy that it has expressed its willingness to rejoin the commonwealth as a part of one of the primary initiatives taken by the new administration during the last year .
the external affairs secretary has noted that extensive evaluation work done by the secretariat of the commonwealth in january 2019 has paved the way for a positive resolution and any obstacle against its reentry should be considered just as a simple defect that affects all countries .
he insisted that further obstacles that lead to fewer incentives should not be kept in their path .
the external affairs secretary also participated in the conference of the group 77 g77 external affairs ministers at new york on 27 september 2019 .
it was noted that g77 is being positioned uniquely to call for universal actions as a remedy for various needs of the countries in special situations such as underdeveloped countries, growing countries that are surrounded by land and growing small islands .
this problem adversely affects economic and social development and also their ability to achieve sustainable development goals .
this organisation should act as a collective voice that calls for international aid and support for vulnerable and marginalised countries, particularly towards financial and skill development .
also in a statement released during a cooperative discussion of a meeting regarding 'science, technology and innovation' in which sri lanka acts as associate chief operator, the external affairs secretary remarked that the asian cooperation discussion region plays an important role in sustainable sociocultural and economic development .
the mediation position played by the asian cooperation discussion in promoting economic competitiveness helps asian countries to compete equally in the world market .
prime minister scott morrison has announced almost 100 million of extra assistance for droughtaffected communities .
a program delivering cash payments to droughtaffected farmers will be extended, and the farm household allowance will be overhauled to make it simpler .
the package includes almost 34 million for the drought community support initiative allowing eligible households access to up to 3000 in emergency payments .
up to 13 local government areas will each be provided with up to 1 million in infrastructure and drought relief grants under the drought community programme .
the new support package comes on top of more than 7 billion in drought support funding already provided by the government .
upon the order of the chief minister to monitor the precautionary and relief measures during the northeast monsoon seasons in chennai municipality, ias officers have been appointed for all the 15 zones headed by the government's chief secretary for the revenue and disaster management department .
the advisory meeting with the ias officers appointed for the 15 zones was held in ribbon building meeting hall, presided by the commissioner k prakash .
on account of the northeast monsoon, the monitoring officers appointed as per the order of the chief minister to oversee the zonal level actions are taking precautionary measures in each zone as per the advice of the minister for municipal administration, rural development and implementation of special programme sp velumani .
in this meeting extensive discussions are made regarding the works to be undertaken by the officials of the public works department, highways department, chennai metropolitan water supply and sewerage board, tamil nadu electricity department, tamil nadu slum clearance board, tamil nadu housing board, hindu religious and charitable endowments department, chennai and kanchipuram district revenue department, bsnl, chennai petroleum corporation limited, chennai metro rail limited, southern railways and national highway, concerning their departments .
it was requested to inform the regional monitoring officers, chennai metro municipality commissioner and assistant commissioners and to take up works immediately, coordinating with the officials of all departments .
in chennai municipality wards from 1 to 200, desilting works to prevent blockages in the open canals and in rain water drainage channels have been started and are in progress .
the officials were ordered to complete these works soon .
the workers in all the 200 wards in the chennai municipality are instructed to be present without taking leave .
it was announced in the meeting by officials of the concerned department that the chennai municipality is in a state of preparedness to take up all works reported during the zonal supervisor’s inspection, and to face the monsoon .
the officials from various departments viz tamil nadu adi dravida housing and development board managing director sajjan singh r chawan, regional deputy commissioners pn sridhar, dr albie john varghese, chief engineer, head engineers, executive engineers, zonal officers, public works department, highways department, chennai water and drainage department, electricity department, traffic police department, forest department, southern railways, chennai metro rail limited, and fire and rescue services participated in the meeting .
ronald lee haskell man convicted of killing his exwife's family in texas .
ronald lee haskell, 39, was convicted in the 2014 killings of stephen and katie stay and four of their five children in spring, texas .
authorities said he entered the stays' home on july 9, 2014, demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife, melannie haskell .
she was not there, but her sister, katie stay, and her family were .
stephen stay, 39, katie stay, 33, two boys, ages 13 and 4, and two girls, ages 9 and 7, were killed when haskell opened fire, the harris county sheriff's office said .
only one member of the family, then 15yearold cassidy stay, survived .
authorities at the time indicated she was critically wounded, though she later made a full recovery .
jurors on thursday unanimously rejected ronald lee haskell's insanity defense .
the jury was dismissed until monday for sentencing .
quantum internet closer to reality sciencedaily .
a us army research result brings the quantum internet a step closer .
such an internet could offer the military security, sensing and timekeeping capabilities not possible with traditional networking approaches .
the us army's combat capability development's army research laboratory's center for distributed quantum information, funded and managed by the lab's army research office, saw researchers at the university of innsbruck achieve a record for the transfer of quantum entanglement between matter and light a distance of 50 kilometers using fiber optic cables .
entanglement is a correlation that can be created between quantum entities such as qubits .
when two qubits are entangled and a measurement is made on one, it will affect the outcome of a measurement made on the other, even if that second qubit is physically far away .
this 50 kilometers is two orders of magnitude further than was previously possible and is a practical distance to start building intercity quantum networks, said dr ben lanyon, experimental physicist at university of innsbruck and the principal investigator for the project, whose findings are published in the nature journal quantum information .
intercity quantum networks would be composed of distant network nodes of physical qubits, which are, despite the large physical separation, nevertheless entangled .
this distribution of entanglement is essential for establishing a quantum internet, researchers said .
the demonstration is a major step forward for achieving large scale distributed entanglement, said dr sara gamble, comanager of the army program supporting the research .
the quality of the entanglement after traveling through fiber is also high enough at the other end to meet some of the requirements for some of the most difficult quantum networking applications .
the research team started the experiment with a calcium atom trapped in an ion trap .
using laser beams, the researchers wrote a quantum state onto the ion and simultaneously excited it to emit a photon in which quantum information is stored .
as a result, the quantum states of the atom and the light particle were entangled .
the challenge is to transmit the photon over fiber optic cables .
the photon emitted by the calcium ion has a wavelength of 854 nanometers and is quickly absorbed by the optical fiber, lanyon said .
his team therefore initially sent the light particle through a nonlinear crystal illuminated by a strong laser .
the photon wavelength was converted to the optimal value for longdistance travel the current telecommunications standard wavelength of 1,550 nanometers .
the researchers then sent this photon through the 50kilometerlong optical fiber line .
their measurements show that atom and light particles were still entangled even after the wavelength conversion and the distance traveled .
the choice to use calcium means these results also provide a direct path to realizing an entangled network of atomic clocks over a large physical distance, since calcium can be cotrapped with a high quality clock qubit .
large scale entangled clock networks are of great interest to the army for precision position, navigation, and timing applications, said dr fredrik fatemi, an army researcher who also comanages the program .
