but, in this new era, the new generation is coming forward in a new way with a fresh vigour and spirit to fulfill their new dream .
this year when the government of india started the sugamya india programme .
can anyone ever imagine the divyang athletes breaking a record set during the general olympic games .
it is during this season that the festival of raksha bandhan symbolizing the bond between a brother and sister also falls .
all these news exhibit the power to realize the dream of a clean india .
in india, citizens are contributing in this campaign in their own way .
with an event of such scale magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there .
at some point of time they will also have to think of this novel experience that has defied conventional thinking .
e 300 million rupay cards in india, out of which 200 million rupay cards belong to poor families which have jan dhan accounts .
we have to go a long way in the field of sports .
her passion for cycling is indeed commendable .
whether it is the battle of haji pir, chaminda or asal uttar and the visuals of our victory near haji pir, we feel thrilled and immensely proud of our soldiers .
this is the speciality of our bharat bhoomi, our motherland where gita was created on a battlefield today when we are passing through the times of such gigantic changes, your original creativity is manifesting itself within you .
the luminescence of guru nanak dev jis influence can be felt not only in india but around the world .
come, let us all build a healthy india .
my dear countrymen,our country is a land of diversities these diversities are not limited to our cuisine, life style and attire .
because when i was in gujarat, i had set this tradition of welcoming, by not giving bouquets, but books or handkerchiefs instead .
today, as india and australia get ready to play, i convey my best wishes to both the teams .
in fardistant villages, daughters are providing services ranging from pension to issuance of passport to senior citizens through the aegis of common service centers .
last month i had the privilege of releasing the tiger census in the country .
she rendered service in the fields of education and social service .
farmers here were earlier using chemical fertilizers indiscriminately which deteriorated the soilhealth .
i was surprised to know that despite being such a prominent center of tourism its close proximity from mumbai, electricity hadnt reached elephanta after so many years of independence .
at present, whenever im touring, it is my sincere effort to meet people beneficiaries of pmjay scheme under ayushman bharats umbrella .
whatever you learn in life, you must use it later for the nation and live for your nation, babasaheb gave this message and even lived it himself .
i also salute the families of our soldiers .
my dear countrymen, although you have entrusted me with the responsibilities of prime minister but i also am a human being just like you .
all of us have seen that the sea appears blue, but we know from routine life experiences that water has no colour at all .
what i tell you about them will fill your hearts with pride verve as well .
it is getting transformed into a movement by the society and the people .
and when holidays come in the shape of diwali and allied festivals, people do travel and that's why i urge you to visit any 15 such places in india .
type 2 is due to your habits, age and obesity .
all the family members have to work as a team and play with zeal their respective roles to make this festival of examination a success .
a fresh and pleasant air of it to society, wenot i, a transformation from the individual to the community is imbibed in this .
some are using vegetable colours, while some are pasting bits and pieces of paper .
you possibly dont know that you are the ones who make me walk, who make me run and keep me full of life and zest .
the sounding rockets made by odisha university students have also created many records .
old friends are invaluable .
the worlds highest located polling station too, is in india .
she wrote in her letter that after my appeal to the people to forego their cooking gas subsidy, she had given up her subsidy and then she even forgot about it .
millions of devotees come to this world famous temple, seeking blessings of lord ayyappa swami .
in other words, how can tourist destination be developed keeping public aspirations in mind .
and lakhs of such saplings were distributed to the devotees traveling on foot to ambaji temple that year .
so the last game is significantly important .
i begin mann ki baat today with a heavy heart .
the next edition of mann ki baat will be in 2016 .
and that is why the lack of it can be felt deeply by our countrymen, which is what we underwent during emergency .
and cleanliness should be given great importance from raksha bandhan to diwali there will be many festivals .
peace, unity and harmony were his principal teachings .
we have taken several steps for surface cleaning and to stop industrial pollution .
who would have thought that the mann ki baat will become a source of information .
atalji was a true patriot .
in haryana, crops that require meagre water are being encouraged .
in this novel scheme, during the harvest period, anganwadi workers collect a handful of rice grain from the people .
you know how many opportunities there are today for a cashless society, for digital banking or for mobile banking .
the implementation and furtherance of such a phenomenal change on such a monumental scale, with the involvement of so many tens of millions of people in such a vast country, is in itself a pinnacle of success .
it is heartwarming to see them discuss books published on subjects such as science, technology, innovation, history, culture, business, lifesketches and so on .
but we are not stopping at that .
sardar patel, a true son of the soil will adorn our skies too .
you too should think along these lines .
many an informed, effective endeavour is afoot across the country .
within a few days from now the holy month of ramazan will dawn upon us .
and i would certainly urge the youth of our country to go to punjab, whenever they get the chance, and visit the samadhi of bhagat singh, sukhdev, rajguru, bhagat singhs mother and batukeshwar dutt .
a few days ago, aleenataayang, a student from far off arunachal has written an interesting letter to me .
it is a change where people are increasingly willing to contribute for the sake of service to society .
i believe that when these kids go to britain to study, this memorial of babasaheb will become a pilgrimage for them, it will become a source of inspiration .
the central government too has joined them in their efforts .
this stress, this tension was evident on their faces also .
there is one great speciality of our country the kumbh mela .
the media has embarked upon quite a few innovative campaigns .
the other story that touched the core of my heart was eidgah .
he has been promoting the cleanliness program through etv for the past one year the newspapers carry news about them and he has emphasized on positive news about cleanliness .
i was then a party worker with the bharatiya janata party organization in himachal .
his father had died of cancer at a very young age but he connected his livelihood with cleanliness .
surf the net to do some research on the valiant bravehearts, who have been bestowed with these honours, compose a few good lines about them and share these with your friends and companions .
you too will become a participant at home and outside during the festive celebrations .
the details of this competition will be available on the mygov website .
due to the unequivocal support from the people of india, today india is moving towards liberation from defecation in the open much prior to october 2, 2019, so that we may pay our homage to bapu on his 150th birth anniversary .
i felt happy talking to them, but i had a feeling that they felt burdened by the fact that they could not win the world cup .
moreover, an extensive exercise on agricultural reforms is being undertaken across the country in order to ensure that our farmers get a fair price for their crop .
of the numerous colourful festivals of india, onam is a prime festival of kerela .
ive been told that assam government has decided to grant a 10 discount on property tax and business license fee if payments are made through digital transaction .
now we will have to focus on quality education .
in our country, we give subsidy for the gas cylinders .
my dear countrymen, the 12th of november, 2019 is the day when the 550th prakashotsav of guru nanak dev ji will be celebrated across the world .
it was my privilege and good fortune that i had the opportunity of going to chandrasekhar azads native village of alirajpur in madhya pradesh .
around another 100 districts in the country have a similar dismal situation of skewed sex ratio .
once again, i congratulate these daughters and their spirit of adventure for bringing laurels to the country, for raising the glory of the navy and significantly so, for conveying to the world that indias daughters are no less .
similarly, i met a small girl named, sonam patel .
rajpath turned into the yogpath that day .
the month of ramazan is celebrated with full reverence and respect throughout the world .
in our country, saraswati pooja is done on vasant panchami .
if we put these ideas of our youth into practice and provide them conducive environment to express themselves, they surely will bring about a constructive and a positive change in the country they are already doing so .
sister mariamthresia, in her short lifespan of 50 years, worked for the good of humanity becominganoble example for the entire world .
our ancestors would say that there is a divine element in each individual .
my dear countrymen, especially my young friends, just a couple of months ago, when i mentioned fit india, i did not think it would draw such a good response .
hockey maestro major dhyan chand is a renowned name all over the world .
mann ki baat, october 2018 .
this effort would rid of the problem of water logging .
25 billion people can take pride in the fact that people from all communities and faith are available here .
they should study as well, if they can do well in studies, they should certainly do so, but if they have the potential and the inclination to do well in sports, that should be encouraged and supported by the school, college, family and all the people around them .
secondly because of burning this the top soil gets burnt .
it could only be a visionary like atalji who brought in this transformation and as a result of this, healthy traditions blossomed in our polity .
my dear countrymen and especially my young friends, what i am going to tellyou now is directly for your benefit .
when a hundred and twenty five crore countrymen are standing by you, nothing is impossible .
once you set out to see the country, for the rest of your life you will keep seeing new things and still never get enough of it .
your joys and sorrows are my joys and sorrows too .
it is the birthday of our former president, dr .
and especially during diwali, it is customary in every family to buy something new, get something from the market in smaller or larger quantity .
nature possesses a special power .
in our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces .
i am sure, you too might be enjoying the rains with bhajiyas, pakoras, corn and a hot cup of tea .
he ensures education, health and meals for all the children coming to this school .
for those who are religiously inclined, ganga is the path to salvation for them .
the prime minister of singapore has posted a picture on instagram and has shared it proudly with the whole world .
anagha, jayesh and many other children from chennai have written posted to me their heartfelt thoughts on the gratitude cards, the post script to the book exam warriors .
each and every village should have the facilities for rain water harvesting .
it is not that you do not have the knowledge, it is not that you do not have the information, and it is not that you have not worked hard .
and, she has said that a letter from the prime minister was no less than a padma shree honour for her .
sir, i want to know how we can check such unfortunate events and incidents from taking place .
my dear countrymen, 21st june has become a well known day world over .
some students wrote in english, some wrote in hindi and some in chhatisgarhi to their parents telling them that there should be toilets in their houses .
its core strength lies in the fact that if, even from a distance of 2000 km, a missile is launched to attack india, our missile can preemptively destroy it in the space itself .
and among them especially from the kin of visually impaired, they made quite a number of phone calls .
i hold in high esteem, the election commissions of all states, security personnel and other staff members who contribute in ensuring strict adherence to free and fair polling .
rooma devnath writes, i truly feel happy healthy through my morning walks .
in the health sector the nation has now moved ahead from the conventional approach .
with the hard work of these farmers, the annual turnover of the society has gone up from 10 to 15 lakh rupees and with more than 900 families getting employment here, people have stopped migrating to other places .
the subject about which most of the people from across the country have written is our revered atal behari vajpayee .
efforts in the direction of cleanliness are being widely taken across the whole country .
i am sure these festivals are an opportunity to make new resolves .
as part of the celebration of his 100th year the bohra community society had launched a huge campaign to save the sparrow under the aegis of burhani foundation .
and for a country like india, this common sentiment of the people is a very big force .
yoga in true terms, became the core reason to connect the entire world .
let there be millions and millions of resolves .
my dear countrymen, tomorrow, that is the 1st of may, carries one more significance .
friends, all of us know that as indias first home minister, sardar patel undertook the colossal, historic task of integrating princely states .
let us all visit the world environment day website wedindia 2018 and try to imbibe and inculcate the many interesting suggestions given there into our everyday life .
brothers and sisters, today with pride and joy i would like to mention that a bill in connection with my governments mission on divyangjan, that is, differently or specially abled people was passed in parliament .
tried to live india within themselves .
my dear countrymen, today is 2611 .
my dear countrymen, 5th of june is the first monday of the month .
this, in a way, is a movement on preventive health care .
by publicly celebrating ganesh utsav, he turned this religious occasion into a festival of national awakening and social refinement .
this grand achievement is a big boon for animals, birds, farmers, crops and villages .
lohia, jaiprakash narain played a leading and pivotal role .
see everyone is doing their bit for taking the country forward .
i came to know that the citizens of akola had organized a cleanliness campaign to clean the morna river under the 'swachh bharat abhiyan' .
one should do something for the sake of the country, society or just for someone else .
they not only share their happiness but in the process receive happiness magnified manifold .
usually, the months of july and august are very important for farmers and the youth .
this happened in the vizianagaram district of andhra pradesh .
she credited her victory to her father, a farmer in belgaum .
i remember the day when netajis family paid a visit to the prime ministers residence .
the same thought occurred to a young man in the 1920s .
this is also known as the gandhi charter .
i want all of us to join this great festival with enthusiasm and fervour .
your letters and phone calls this time pertain mostly to these 50 episodes .
in the past few days we saw on television that the wife of a poor hawker in delhi received a transplant in delhis g .
the day of bhagwan mahavir's birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance .
there are many projects under way .
i request you all as to why should we not use clay in making ganesh and durga idols and revert to our old tradition .
our youth are coming forward in areas like skill development, innovation and entrepreneurship and are achieving success .
thus this effort is being made quite meticulously .
i had said it just like that, but today i can say with confidence that i am indeed very proud of you all .
sandeep ji, what all will you make me do .
now, some people may wonder whether honourable president should inaugurate a radio channel .
but also selfevaluate whether the human element within yourself is getting frustrated, are we not moving away from our human qualities .
what i mean to say is, edison transformed even his failures into his own strength .
with this i got an idea and i am requesting you all to send suggestions about what should be the topics for my 15th august speech .
people are making their toilets clean and colourful, by having them painted and other rennovations, you will find lots of photos of such toilets participating in the clean beautiful toilet contest spread from kanya kumari to kutchh till kamrup on social media .
you must have heard the name of bhajju shyam of madhya pradesh, shri bhajju shyam was born in a very poor tribal family .
sardar patel dedicated his entire life for the unity of the country .
he let sunshine peep into the darkened lives of the deprived and the oppressed .
come together on sundaysand holidays .
i would like to tell you about some of these people .
despite causing some hardships, rains make every human heart rejoice since rains, and agriculture, are the focal point of our entire sphere of economic activities .
chaudhari charan singh in his speech in 1979 had urged our farmers to use new technology and to adopt new innovations and underlined their vital significance .
in the same breath, i will add that do not let these remarks of mine be a burden on you .
can you do one thing in the memory of babasaheb ambedkar .
similarly, i was blessed with a chance to meet our winners of the summer youth olympics 2018 held in argentina .
now the times are such that children, when they come home, they either start watching cartoons in a corner, or are glued to mobile games .
we remember and pay our homage to tilak ji on his birth anniversary on 23rd july and his death anniversary on 1st august .
what a wonderful life, what a dedicated mission .
can you post on narendra modi app .
in a way, technology is becoming an inseparable part of our lives .
for many years in india, the political culture of forming a very large cabinet was being misused to constitute jumbo cabinets not only to create a divide but also to appease political leaders .
whether in the role of a party leader, member of parliament, a minister or the prime minister, atalji always established an ideal .
come let us join water conservation, and involve ourselves in making a list of more and more innovative methods to motivate people to conserve water .
among those winning medals for our country are a large number of our daughters which is a very positive sign .
our country is full of such myriad diversities .
friends, apart from rakshabandhan, shravan poornima is also celebrated as sanskrit day .
and i am extremely thankful to you for the concern that you show towards me .
animals, birds, flora nature in its entirety, is filled with the joys of the season .
for a family of six members, the model of one standard twin pit toilet gets filled in about five years .
the entire nation is eager to welcome you as voters of the 21st century .
i have the opportunity to be amongst you to share my mann ki baat once again .
if we have strong and wellequipped incubation centres, a system comes into place for innovations, for startups, for experimentation and to bring these efforts to a certain level .
so i would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course .
in many parts of the world, it is observed as labour day .
how do we bring in new technology, how do we increase productivity, how do we introduce looms driven by solar power .
we want to strengthen these people .
you would have noticed, that all our festivals follow the almanac of nature .
whenever a discussion about parliament is there nowadays, it is about holdups, noisy scenes and stalling the proceedings but when something good happens, it is not given much importance .
today, as we discuss festivities, preparations are under way for a mega festival in india .
therefore only those will get its benefits who make a purchase worth more than 50 rupees but less than three thousand rupees .
my dear countrymen these days, the parliament session is going on, and during the parliament session, i get to meet many people from across our nation .
can gold be converted from deadmoney to a live strength or not .
the time has come for a confluence of individual dreams and the nations dream .
but this is a day when the nation celebrates the achievements of our doctors and expresses gratitude for their spirit of service and commitment towards society .
on this occasion, i remember the words of swami vivekananda .
my dear countrymen, when we shall meet next time by then monsoon rains would be lashing every corner of the country, the weather would have changed, examination results would have arrived, the journey of education will begin anew and the rains would bring a hope, pleasant fragrance, a new aroma .
in fact this scheme is meant for the benefit of such underprivileged people .
how can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of india, be strengthened .
fellow citizens, namaskar to all .
baba saheb had strong faith in selfreliance .
and, as we all know, what terrible events took place after her assassination .
history binds us to our roots .
heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion .
the second type of waste is like old newspapers, cardboard, iron, glass, cloth, plastic, leather, polythene, broken boxes, rubber, metals and other kind of waste are all dry waste or litter which can be recycled by machines but cannot be directly used and has to be placed in the blue waste bin .
festivals have evoked a sense of responsibility towards everything, be it trees, plants, rivers, animals, mountains, birds, etc .
my dear countrymen, shriman prakash tripathi has written a rather long letter on the narendra modi app, urging me to touch upon the subjects he has referred to .
our divyaang brothers and sisters are an invaluable heritage, a precious endowment, just as every citizen of the country is .
he took the maratha navy to newer heights and established maratha naval bases at a number of places .
namaste dear prime minister, you had said during the last summer holidays that even birds feel the summer heat so we should fill a bowl with water and place it in the balcony or the terrace so that the birds can come to have water .
it is bent upon destroying the humanitarian forces .
they have been able to stand on their own feet and have succeeded in giving employment to one or two other people as well .
my dear countrymen, in mann ki baat, all india radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination .
a house, a car all that comes later .
i have been told that within a span of a month and a half of the commencement of chardham yatra in uttarakhand this year, more than 8 lakh devotees have had the darshan of kedarnath shrine .
housing for all or the house for everyone scheme involves geotagging of about 40 lakh homes spread over 23 states .
every drop of water is precious .
doo share the photographs taken on these festivals with one another so that everyone can witness the diversity of india and the beauty of indian culture .
do you know why they had to resort to such a cowardly operation .
the times group newspaper vijaya karnataka started a new initiative urging the children to write a letter to the prime minister of the country .
try to know about things about which you have no prior knowledge, it will definitely benefit you .
it is as if he is, even now, teaching me in the class room .
this circle stands for the sacrifice of our soldiers .
i have heard about many such people including pune based sculptor shri abhijit dhondphale, kolhapur institutions nisargmitra and vigyan prabodhini, nisarg katta in vidarbh, gyan prabodhini of pune, and girgaoncha raja of mumbai .
this atmosphere has not been created by any political leader but by one crore families of india .
the vaanche gujarat campaign carried out in gujarat was a successful experiment .
it appears to be a minor change but it reflects a vision of a healthy thought .
every teaching of guru nanak dev preached that a campaign should be carried on to abolish superstitions, social disparities and social evils from the society .
he died in an accident .
and they have requested that i talk about ecofriendly ganesha idols, well in time for people to plan for clay ganesha idols during the festival of ganesh chaturthi .
you will be pleasantly surprised listening to the story of kerala's tribal lady lakshmikutti .
i wish people spread all over the world who revere lord buddha and believe in the principles of compassion i wish all of them an auspicious buddha purnima .
its a matter of sorrow for all of us that we lost kalpana chawla at that early age, but her life, her work is a message to young women across the world, especially to those in india, that there are no upper limits for nari shakti .
be it the field of sports or space science, the women of our country lag behind none .
our soldiers have displayed great valour in difficult areas and adverse conditions .
you can register yourselves for the swachch bharat summer internship on mygov .
of course you must have realized that i am referring to the test match between india and afghanistan .
sarvajan hitay sarvajan sukhay, the principle of antyoday these are his gifts to us .
we know that both bangladesh and west bengal continue to have a common cultural heritage .
digital transactions in india are witnessing a very rapid surge .
in other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a marketconnect .
we together should all resolve to save every drop of water and i believe that water is god's prasad to us, water is like philosopher's stone .
there are still about 4045 days left for that .
do you still remember fit india .
there should not be a single schoolcollege ground in india where we will not see our youngsters at play .
in a comment posted on narendra modi mobile app, shriman ravindra singh from pune has referred to occupational safety .
recently, the government of india has taken a very important decision .
today there are many sectors where our woman power is playing a pioneering role, establishing milestones .
over some time lately, many have written on this subject many of them have been telling me about it .
i extend my congratulations and good wishes to all the players, their colleagues, and all the sports lovers once again .
so many rumours were spread, even the fight against corruption and black money was sought to be tainted with shades of communalism .
the government of india wants to specially reward technology developed to find solutions to our problems .
the mantra of national unity is the very foundation of a strong and great india .
i am aware that this country is quite vast and we have to reach the villages and far off corners of the country .
i urge my young friends, students to participate in this competition and make it interesting and memorable through their participation .
can we not, drawing inspiration from this years world health day and its theme, do something to defeat diabetes in our personal life .
it has been around 70 years of independence but we are still using a foreign gold coin only or the gold bullion bars, these are also used by the foreigners .
every parent wants the schools and colleges to be functioning properly at the earliest .
when the mortal remains of martyr vijay soren, draped in the tricolor reached gumla, jharkhand, his innocent son iterated that he too would join the armed forces .
british premier theresa may organised a reception in london involving all communities on deepawali in which she herself participated .
it was the first time that this programme was organized in any other country outside america .
i will try my best to bring these to you .
the countrys woman power has contributed a lot in the positive transformation being witnessed in our country society these days .
he ensured the merger of all princely states with the dominion of india .
far south, the people are engrossed in onam festivities and yesterday the entire nation celebrated the holy festival of raksha bandhan .
this is indeed a remarkable tradition .
they work hard, and these are our own young people .
and as i understand, if some one would not have posted the picture of belum caves in andhra pradesh many people would have never come to know that something like that exists in our country .
sir, i have a question recently in kerala, we heard you speak about replacing bouquets that we give as gifts, with good books as mementos .
you know, yesterdayjune 23, was the death anniversary of dr shyama prasad mukherjee .
like i said earlier, 3rd december is being celebrated as international day of people with disability .
i was taken aback and asked him what is the matter .
just a month ago, on the 30th of december, i had gone to andaman nicobar islands .
encouraging the laxmi of bharat amounts to strengthening the paths of prosperity for the country and her citizens .
our country will always be indebted to sardar patel for his steller role in the constituent assembly .
that day also was the day of buddha purnima .
mann ki baat, august 2019 .
government of india has also appealed to the corporate world to come forward in this endeavour .
the display of the indomitable ardour of the defeated and the sheer humility of the victorious in the same frame was a sight to behold .
and when i say let us aim to innovate my aim stands for atal innovation mission .
when there is awareness and active participation in the movement, it has its own significance .
but this has happened .
this is the 36th episode today .
daughters of the country have done her proud by circumnavigating the globe through the navikasagarparikrama .
afroz shah, and thus he has become the first indian to achieve this distinction .
my dear countrymen, you mustve returned to your respective routines after the diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination .
she travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against sanatan dharma and ideology .
the illustrious life of guru gobind singh ji, full of instances of courage sacrifice is a source of inspiration to all of us .
4050 lakh people participated in this video bridge program and imparted me with a new strength .
it is a reflection on the lofty collective demeanour of crores of people in the country .
these six young women will embark on a voyage across the seas, in a small boat, ins tarini .
but i have full faith in tamil nadus potential and know that post this crisis it will rise again and speedily move forward and will continue to deliver in its role of taking the country forward .
there are times when both die .
i remember afghanistan president shriman ashraf ghanis words on twitter tagging me along the people of afghanistan are extremely, proud of our hero rashid khan .
the smoker also knows this fact and so do people around .
in the coming october month, from 1st october to 15th october, drinking water and sanitation department, panchayati raj department and rural development department these three are going to work under a designated roadmap in their respective areas .
mann ki baat, july 2018 .
i once again congratulate all our paralympic athletes and india is progressing in the direction of preparing an effective plan for developing our athletes and also the facilities for the paralympics .
this cancer centre is going to be a boon for the people of not only eastern uttar pradesh but for the people of jharkhand and bihar also .
in todays fast paced, rat race of life, at times we dont have time to think about ourselves .
but these days im experiencing something new .
in other parts of the country, especially maharashtra, our young friends must be busy with preparations of the dahihandi .
a few days from now, the pious occasion of idemiladunnabi will be observed .
we should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a diwali lamp .
for decades, our brave soldiers wearing blue helmets have played a stellar role in ensuring maintenance of world peace .
pawan gaurai of belagavi, sitanshu mohan parida of bhubaneswar, yash sharma, shahab altaf and many others have written about the challenges related with water .
your inquisitiveness regarding space, indias space mission, science and technology will be the salient features of this uiz competition .
it is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers mutiny for a very long time .
if she had not forbidden me from revealing her name, i from the core of my heart wanted to announce her name while talking to you .
i would certainly like that whoever wishes to sell their products or business items to the government, should increasingly get connected with this website .
he secured a revered place in the hearts of millions who followed his messages with complete devotion, a practice that continues even in the present times .
we have seen during many such events where if the indian players fail, the anger of the country is vented towards the players .
this has been proved by all scientific methods that a serious damage is caused because of an excessive use of urea .
it shows 16 women mps of singapore parliament standing outside the parliament all clad in indian sarees and this photo has gone viral .
in the emblem of our national human rights commission, the ideal mantra harking back to vedic period sarve bhavantu sukhinah is inscribed .
speaking about festivals today, i would first like to wish you all michhamidukkadam .
a retired gentlemen, who not only had to get his daughter married but also to build his home, one day he received an sms, that there was a gift that had arrived from abroad and could be obtained if he deposited 2 lakh rupees as custom duty in a bank account and this gentlemen without giving any thought took out 2 lakh rupees from his hard earned life savings and sent it to some stranger .
my dear countrymen, well celebrate guru nanak jayanti on the 4th of november .
our constitution is all encompassing .
she was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor .
i once again extend my heartiest congratulations and best wishes to the young generation of our country, especially our daughters .
ramesh ji , respectful greetings to your mother .
i congratulate our scientists, and all those connected with science on the occasion of national science day .
maybe it is not being done in a very scientific way, but it is being done .
my good wishes to all of you .
my dear countrymen, the way people are coming forward and volunteering for social works is really inspirational and encouraging for all our countrymen .
by the way, this also reminds me of tribal women of chattisgarh, who have done something extraordinary and set a remarkable example .
if you manage to save a few people from malnutrition, it would mean that we can bring the country out of the circle of malnutrition .
the first general assembly of the international solar alliance was held in india .
it happens very rarely that so many different programmes go on at the same time in so many villages of india .
my dear countrymen, i firmly believe that you must have felt immensely proud on indias achievement beyond the skies .
it is human nature that no matter how many perils people face, when they hear a good news from any corner, they feel as if the entire crisis is over .
these luminaries have been infusing inspiration in all of us and we offer our heartfelt tributes to them .
hanaya is 12 years old and lives in anantnag, kashmir .
five, seven or ten days before my visit a large number of cleanliness drives are held .
it used to be played in almost every state .
i congratulate the maharashtra government on the accomplishment of both these tasks .
all of our accounts should be kept active .
every citizen is making requisite adjustments amidst the difficulties as a result of the new changes .
this is an occasion for praying to shakti, unity in society is the power or shakti of the country .
no special tools or fields are needed .
we will meet once again for mann ki baat' next time .
these days , i keep receiving news from our states .
i hope you get the opportunity to visit the picturesque islands and its pristine beaches .
come, over the next few days, let us try to the fullest extent possible to make each one of our sportspersons feel proud, to reward them for their endeavours and exertions .
i dont have to be caught in a traffic jam and i dont have to stop for anyone as well .
neeraj ji has saidxhr vkdkk dks kjrh dk lqukuk gs eqsgj vaksjs dks mtkys esa cqykuk gs eqswy dh xak ls ryokj dks lj djuk gsvksj xkxk ds igkmksa dks txkuk gs eqshow i wish to make the sky listen to the song of the earthhow i wish to inspire every strand of darknessto come to the radiance of lightand i wish to conquer the might of the sword with the fragrance of flowersand to awaken the mountains with the sweetness of songs .
but have you heard about the shining toilet contest .
it is directly related to the swatch bharat campaign that i talk about .
he was confined to a very small cell .
these are inspirational examples in themselves .
electricity reached each every village of the country this year .
theyve expressed their concern on the availability of water for birds animals .
in 1996, the terrorists had shot jawed ahmed in kashmir .
these brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred twenty five crore indians .
violence, torture, explosives, guns, pistols the maoists have created a scary reign of terror .
you must have seen, these days, on the antibiotic medicine strips there is a red line to make you aware you must pay attention to that .
on this day, we celebrate the unbreakable bond that exists between indians in india and indians living around the globe .
the attention of students steers from home to hostel .
but it is not a test of your life .
for the youth in todays age, along with studies, sports are also of great importance .
it was south africa, where mohan transformed into the 'mahatma' .
now, the air force is offering the option of permanent commission to women besides the short service commission, which i had announced on the 15th of august this year from the red fort .
all these festivals may carry different names but the underlying or inherent feeling of celebrating them is singular these are harvest festivals and somewhere or the other are connected with crops and farming, connected with the farmer, with the village and with our barns .
i had invited everyone to join fit india, lead fit india .
but this is not the truth .
i wish all of you best wishes for good health, for this month of august imbued with the spirit of patriotism and for many festivals that have continued over centuries .
i have suggested to the ministry of minority affairs that they should ensure that all women who have applied to travel alone be allowed to perform haj .
thus, it is an unprecedented achievement in itself .
lets us all enjoy the rising honour and prestige of our daughters and see how joyful this entire experience of beti bachao beti padhao becomes .
if we eat a new dish every day, we wont have to repeat any variety throughout our life .
sometimes festivities help to heal wounds and sometimes they are source of renewed energy .
dilip ji, thank you very much .
till the time i was in gujarat, this habit had been ingrained in us, but after coming here, i had lost that habit .
and thousands of children wrote on topics about strengthening the indo africa ties .
this means, mann ki batein, matters close to our hearts, alter with the change in season .
can we remember revered bapu for a moment while going out for shopping .
my dear countrymen, for mann ki baat, i keep getting thousands of letters and comments from your side, on various platforms .
that day too i had said that cleanliness should become our nature, a duty for every citizen and there should be an atmosphere harbouring a sense of revulsion against filth .
a uit india uiz is also being launched for my young friends on narendramodiapp .
affordable medicines are now available at amrit stores at pradhan mantri bharatiya jan aushadhi centres at hospitals .
various government departments regularly observe cleanliness fortnight .
but when there is tension, your knowledge, your wisdom, your information all these buckle under and the tension rides over you .
my dear countrymen, you may often have heard me say no bouquet, just a book .
my dear countrymen, i had talked about positivity during the previous episode of mann ki baat .
their exit was completely blocked .
they have brought about a refreshing feeling .
my dear countrymen,this great land, india, has given birth to innumerable great men, men whose deeds for the sake for humanity have been extraordinary, truly unforgettable .
under mnrega also a stress has been given to create assets for water conservation .
very few people might be aware that most navies of the world allowed women on their warships pretty later .
divyang brothers sisters from different parts of the country participated displayed their stellar skills .
i agree that whatever you have put forth is valid .
look at the other side, on one hand the parliament and on the other hand this child of the country, both are talking about cleanliness, a country cannot be more fortunate than this .
creation of new incubation centres is essential just as it is necessary to strengthen the older incubation centres .
i congratulate him on his success .
everyone accepts this, cooperates in this and makes a contribution in realizing this .
pandit nehru, the first prime minister of india visited bodh gaya .
but we need to present this in modern language and integrate with modern arguments .
there have been several engineers in india who made the unimaginable possible and presented such marvels of engineering before the world .
i have also completed a year since i started mann ki baat .
a journey that began five years ago gathered momentum with mass participation is now setting up newer benchmarks in cleanliness sanitation .
some of our friends, while working on this book had discussed it with me also .
these seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture .
this quiz is an attempt to familiarise the youth with indias glorious history and the heroes of the freedom movement .
india has a golden history in hockey .
it was a pleasant experience for me to talk to our farmer brothers and sisters and scientists and to listen and understand their experiences in farming and getting to know about innovations in the agricultural sector .
and we are able to reach upto only 25,000 people who need it .
this spirit, this dedication is a mission mode activity .
it has now become a campaign of societal empathy and public education .
whereas february and march get consumed in exams, papers and answers, april may are meant for enjoying vacations, followed by results and thereafter, shaping a course for ones life through career choices .
guru nanak dev ji voiced three messages for a meaningful, fulfilling life chant the name of the almighty, work hard and help the needy .
my many felicitations and best wishes to you .
subhasini mistri is a woman who, in order to construct a hospital, cleaned utensils in the homes of others and also sold vegetables .
his 125th birth anniversary was celebrated all over the country .
he was a divine figure full of heroism, valor, courage, sacrifice and devotion .
a few days ago, honble president took an initiative .
the security of these forts was the responsibility of the maratha navy .
he gave the mantrajai jawan, jai kisan which inspired the common people of the country to work for the nation .
millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of makarsankranti .
today i would like to congratulate the friends at the kannur centre of akashwani .
my dear countrymen, today i want to express my gratitude to all of you .
our society must recognize such daughters, honor them and feel proud of them .
i am glad that in this entire programme i witnessed the accomplishments of the common man more than the achievements of the government, of the country's power, the power of new indias dreams, the power of the resolve of the new india this is what i experienced .
you can make a very big contribution in creating a cashless society you can create a fullfledged banking facility on your mobile phone and there are many ways now to run our business without using paper currency .
there are several sarpanchs across the country who have taken the lead in water conservation .
and whats the meaning of connecting with nature .
but if i am saying then i should at least do something .
many have sent me the videos of their work in this field .
i have been observing how gst has impacted the transport and logistics sector .
pandharpur is a holy town in solapur district in maharashtra .
what is a republic and what is a parliamentary system are nothing new to india .
positive events provide energy to do good .
this daughter mallamma was adamant to have a toilet built in her house .
perhaps going beyond sporting achievements, these paralympics and the performance by our athletes have transformed our attitude towards humanity, towards speciallyabled, divyang people .
i have full faith in the power of my 125 crore countrymen .
your opinions will really help me .
but, sabrimala temple in itself is an example to show how this challenge could be converted into a sanskar, a habit and what a tremendous strength public participation has .
you too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one khadi handloom store .
the district administration has opened bank accounts of over 5560 thousand daughters under sukanya samridhi yojana .
all around, there is a deluge of strong feelings of sympathy for the martyrs their family members .
this mantra of unity is like a sacrament in our life and in a country like ours filled with diversities, we should continue to strengthen this mantra of unison on all paths, at every bend, and at every pitstop .
we indians, always nurture a feeling of pride and respect towards our security forces be it the army, the navy or the air force and every countryman salutes the courage, bravery, valour, chivalry and sacrifice of our soldiers .
pop idols are not environment friendly he has expressed a great pain, others have also .
our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics .
our farmers across the country have got more than 10 crore soil health cards made so that they may understand their soil better and accordingly sow the crop .
ending of that war is completing one hundred years meaning thereby that a century of ending of the vast devastation and human loss would also get completed .
and today, i especially congratulate all the members of the indian media fraternity .
the government has to take some steps to maintain law and order .
just try and imagine it .
our farmer brothers and sisters have toiled hard to fill our granaries .
my dear countrymen, our nation has always been very proactive and alert in strengthening unity and communal harmony in the country .
one such great man has been lok manya tilak who has left a very deep impression on the hearts of a large number of indians .
may our nation be blessed with the strength to face any challenge .
after that, amidst the hectic engagements during elections, an important development such as the asat could not be a prominent part of the discourse .
in the month of october last year, i was blessed with the opportunity to dedicate the national police memorial to the nation .
this app is not only connecting the villagers with the whole world but now they can obtain any information on their own mobile phones .
my dear brothers and sisters, we just celebrated the festival of shivaratri .
they too, can interview such people, and inspire the young generation .
and a mahakumbh of national integrationmay this kumbh of the devotees also become mahakumbh of global tourists .
for this, he had to pay a heavy price in his old age .
yoga will be helpful for especially our young friends, in maintaining a healthy lifestyle and protecting them from lifestyle disorders .
my young friends, you know very well that i regularly do my mann ki baat .
an average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the mnrega budget each year on water conservation and water management .
this great man has contributed a lot in building the unity of india .
but today, i think, if i change the course of the conversation that way, the entire complexion of mann ki baat will change .
i have to remain deeply absorbed in files, but for my own self, i have developed a habit of reading daily, at least a few of the letters i receive and because of that i get a chance to connect with the common man .
and, i also request all citizens of the country who have interest in this matter to mail their suggestions on narendramodiapp .
during the freedom struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at mahatma gandhis call .
we all know that healthy and sensitive denizens are required to build a healthy society and yoga ensures this very principle .
may this kumbh of faith also become mahakumbh of ofnationalism .
and through these two schemes, the process to make digital payment a mass movement has been initiated it has received a rousing welcome in the entire country .
oxygen in the air is also at a miniscule level .
, , compassion leads to righteousness,greed leads to sin .
the practice of yoga 30 minutes before school can impart much benefit .
the first time ever, young persons born in the 21st century will exercise their right to vote in the lok sabha elections .
the year 2018 saw the launching of the worlds biggest health insurance scheme ayushman bharat .
in the festival of holi, the importance of colors is as important as the ceremony of 'holikadahan' because it is the day when we burn our inherent vices in the fire .
while observing engineers day, we should think of the future as well .
throughout the week every one, old or young, should wear the flag .
that was the period when the desire for freedom, its intensity, and spread were on the rise .
i, on behalf of all countrymen, pay my homage to baba saheb who gave the right to live with dignity to crores of indians .
the whole world including india enjoyed this mega festival of sports and this whole tournament was both full of interest and entertainment for football lovers .
something that swells our hearts with pride .
if any of you gets an opportunity to go to porbandar, the place of birth of revered bapu, then there is a house behind the house of revered bapu, where a 200year old water tank still exists .
i wish all these daughters, brimming with hope and trust, a very bright future .
besides being an integral part of our democracy, it is even older than our republic i am referring to our election commission .
dear young friends, 12th january is the birth anniversary of swami vivekananda .
the experiment must be positive and a little out of your comfort zone .
if we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance , it surely can be flushed out .
but now we live in independent india .
you must be playing cricket on the computer but the pleasure of actually playing cricket in an open field under the sky is something else .
and all these things are not necessarily achieved through the budget, government projects, or government money .
dear youngsters, can you please help me .
tableus depict the issues of social concern in a very artistic manner .
i urge the fire brigade under corporations and municipalities to visit school children once a week or once a month and perform mock drills for them .
alongwith being it professional, your love for sanskrit has gladdened me .
recently, harshvardhan, a young student of eleventh class has put before me a different type of thought .
today, i can say with great satisfaction that in the past one year the sales of khadi have almost doubled .
my heartiest congratulations and many good wishes go to all of them .
after receiving the reports of remote sensing imagery and inter department coordination, the district administration took up the responsibility of soil and water conservation on a massive scale .
sports is an excellent route to unite society and to showcase the talents skills of our youth .
you will really enjoy it a lot and do write about whichever book you read on the narendramodi app so that all the listeners of mann ki baat' also get to know about it .
my dear countrymen, thank you very much .
the government of india has launched various schemes of social security for the common man .
uite a few active citizens have sent in suggestions on the subject of water conservation .
everybody is now getting connected with this fit india campaign .
the reason may be that they are not able to watch t v, but they must definitely be listening to the radio .
after dinner, the entire family can go for a walk with the children .
nidhi ji, many thanks for your phone call .
everyone wanted that something must happen, must be done .
whenever we talk about nature and wildlife, we only talk about conservation .
toilet pit emptying exercise was carried out in hyderabad on 17th and 18th february .
in the new india everyone will have equal opportunity and aspirations and wishes of everyone will be fulfilled .
you must have noticed, that amitabh ji, the most popular actor of this century, has been wholeheartedly promoting the campaign for cleanliness .
i will be happy to remain connected with you .
the people here, once again, are ready to play their active role in water conservation .
whenever a natural calamity strikes, it is the underprivileged, who are the first in bearing its brunt .
today, through sheer hard work and a firm resolve, a thirty bedded hospital has finally come up at punri village near kolkata .
come, get connected with me .
your steady stream of letters to mann ki baat, your comments, this exchange between minds always infuses new energy in me .
thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history .
do read them, get inspired and share similar instances i respectfully salute all the lakshmis of india .
please speak about this on mann kibaat now after listening to this phone call, i am certain that you would have been shocked and awakened and would probably have resolved not to repeat such a mistake .
this state has a small area but it has attained a grand success .
thank you for reading exam warriors more than twice and special thanks for pointing out shortcomings in the book .
i learnt that on 17th november, a marriage was solemnised with chai par charcha in surat .
we can alleviate poverty when everyone including society and governments focuses attention on measures to provide benefits of development to the poor .
whether something is good, little less effective or bad, whatever it is, one has to learn from it and move ahead in life putting the learning from it into practice .
ncc cadets, nss volunteers, engineering students all together decided that the toilets will be constructed by them .
she received training for 11 months putting in great efforts and she put her life at stake to fulfill her husbands dreams .
even now, some people think that they can reintroduce into the system, money from corruption, black money, unaccounted wealth and benami money money in unknown persons name, using some route or the other .
in english too, it is said, pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power .
sometimes we do injustice to our youth guided by a certain perception .
whereas young school students from tamil nadu, punjab, goa are working on an important topic like waste management in their schools tinkering lab .
this is a wonderful remedy for maintaining the vigour of the mind, brain and body .
be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our air force for the commendable efforts of our air warrior .
there is another chapter of history associated with punjab .
my heartfelt greetings and congratulations to the team at kannur station of akashwani centre for their efforts .
yoga is not merely an exercise .
in a few days from now, we shall celebrate the festive occasion of janmashtami .
as a result, the competition has multiplied leading to a very high increase of stress in the students also .
his concern is quite natural because it has been nearly 30 years since work began in this direction .
and to your team, and your imaginative, innovative bent of mind, heartiest congratulations from my side .
i had the privilege of meeting these grat personalities, these close associates of nelson mandela such as shriman ahmed kathrada, shriman laloo chiba, shriman george bizos and ronnie kasrils .
many governments came, plans were made to clean ganga, and a lot of expenditure was incurred without showing results for this reason there must be crores of indians like kumar krishna who have the same question in their hearts .
this was a first of its kind event in the entire world .
keep showing the tricks to your friends .
all the members rose above party interests to make the monsoon session most productive and this is why lok sabha passed 21 bills and in rajya sabha fourteen bills were passed .
on the one hand sardar patel, possessed the rare quality of uniting people on the other, he was able to strike a balance with people who were not in ideological agreement with him .
but, dear harshvardhan, i shall also like to add that the anger in the hearts of our countrymen is of a very high value .
in the recent days, one can see a lot of emphasis being laid on digidhan .
once again i have the opportunity of connecting with you through mann ki baat .
our culture, our traditions have never taught us to be at loggerheads with nature .
looking at the contribution of teachers in the country from the point of view of students is also immensely valuable in itself .
the element of unity in diversity being indias speciality comes naturally to us .
i was in a meeting with the tourism department recently .
new seaports are being constructed on a number of seaways of india and infrastructure is being strengthened at old ports .
my dear countrymen, 26th july is marked as kargil vijay diwas in the history of our country .
the month of january is the period of the northward movement of the earth on the celestial orbit around sun and in this month makarsankranti is also celebrated .
remembering him, you teach at least 125 persons about downloading the bhim app .
water scarcity affects many parts of the country every year .
you can even shoot a film these days using your mobile phone camera .
i firmly believe that your ideas and your views will continue reaching me in even greater numbers and will help make mann ki baat more interesting, effective and useful .
let all of us together witness the strength of this collective momentum and its impact .
lets hear what this representative of a military family sayshello mr .
rashid represents what constitutes the best of afghanistan .
i can never forget my visits to gurudwaras in vancouver and tehran .
i talked about the noto helpline for organ donation .
it is the root cause of this problem .
for decades, injustice was being rendered to muslim women but there was no discussion on it .
what can be my contribution for this as an individual .
best wishes to our food providers, the farming brothers and sisters .
we think of doctors only during times of distress .
i express my gratitude to the entire family of mann ki baat for being a part of it trusting it wholeheartedly .
i extend my best wishes to those players who are yet to compete .
when the entire nation stands by the armed forces, their might mutiplies a hundred and twenty five crore times .
this bears the names of soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice, in letters of gold .
but this cannot happen with just the efforts of the government or by doctors or medicines till you dont do something about it .
the works done during these years were tested on every touch stone .
a motherly lady of about 84 years of age who is a retired teacher wrote that letter to me .
the month of september will be celebrated as poshan abhiyaan across the country .
it is an inherent human nature to advise others .
i thank the people of this country and salute them for participating in this mahayagya against black money and corruption with utmost zeal .
but, a few years ago, when india used to talk about the severe threats of terrorism many people in the world were not ready to take it seriously, now that, terrorism is knocking at their doors, every government in the world, those who believe in humanity, governments having faith in democracy are seeing this as one of the biggest challenges .
my dear countrymen, sardar patel integrated the nation with the thread of unison .
during the government of atal bihari vajpayee as our prime minister, a doner ministry called development of northeast region was formed .
a 22year old cab driver brother sabir from delhi adopted the digital mode in his transactions after demonetisation and went on to win a prize of one lakh rupees under the lucky grahak yojana of the government .
there are more than four thousand traders who have got prizes of fifty thousand rupees each .
the collective torment on the loss of democracy was evident .
my intention was to ensure that the divyangjan secure their due rights and also the honour and dignity that they are entitled to .
and i will definitely share the positive thoughts that arrive on positiveindia hashtag positive india with the rest of our denizens in the next episode of mann ki baat .
without your contribution and cooperation, this journey of mann ki baat would have been incomplete .
we see all those great men who spent their time in jails did a great job of writing and reading their writings provided a great strength and inspiration to our freedom movement .
on the occasion of world environment day on 5th june, there are going to be litter bins made available to collect solid waste and liquid waste in 4000 towns of the country .
this campaign has enthused people from all strata of society .
i will feel much happier if my purchase will benefit the poorest of the poor .
we will have to repeatedly remind ourselves of good inspirational incidents .
now when there are talks of such crisis all around, we feel the need to bring in a lot of change .
pradhan mantri mudra yojna, start up yojna, stand up yojna for dalits, adivasis, women, educated youth, youth who want to stand on their own feet for millions and millions through pradhan mantri mudra yojna, they have been able to get loans from banks without any guarantee .
these have not only inspired our empathy but also changed the way of looking at the divyang people .
the world is worried about diabetes and so it has been chosen as the theme for world health day on 7th april .
i got an opportunity to know beyond the confines of the files the changes which are being ushered in the lives of people directly from them .
chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds .
shyama prasad mukherjee, gurudev rabindranath tagore addressed the convocation in kolkata university in bangla .
the person who donates rotis feels a sense of satisfaction also, the recipient also does not feel humiliated .
new aiims are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country .
this underscores the importance that has been given to women in our society .
he used to write poems on the walls of his prison cell .
one of these daughters is from north india while there is one who belongs to south india and then there is one from the eastern part .
this is a historic achievement .
he stressed on women empowerment and respect for women .
this year it will be organized from 1216th january in raipur district of chhattisgarh .
we can too do the same .
i always press upon the ias officers of our government, who have reached such heights with their vast intellect and education that they should visit the nearby schools and colleges and share their knowledge for just two to four hours in a week your experience and intellect would certainly help the new generation to some extent .
there is much about guru nanak dev ji that i can share with you, but it will require many an episode of mann ki baat .
the air force has set an example in ensuring gender equality and has opened its doors for our daughters of india .
this will be a good, true genuine karyanjali to bapu, a tribute through a good deed .
this has been beautifully articulated in our scriptures .
but its a misfortune that these tales of valour and sacrifice did not reach the new generations .
recently, i saw that they were presenting the story of some youth from delhi who are selflessly working in a dedicated manner to help in educating the poor children .
we have to keep it a very very simple event but then he suddenly said that he had one condition .
10 days ago, mother india had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons .
in independent india, the record of presenting the budget the maximum number of times is held by morarji bhai desai .
during the previous episode of mann ki baat, i had appealed to the countrymen to share their positive moments of 2017 and to welcome 2018 in a positive atmosphere .
our scientists are doing some excellent work .
one young postgraduate student pooja nemade from maharashtra keeps sharing her experience with friends about how her family members are using rupay card and ewallet facilities and deriving enjoyment out of it and also as to how important the prize of rupees one lakh is for her .
we assume rajasthan to be a state with scarcity of water, but when someone sends a photo of menal waterfall, it is a matter of great surprise .
whenever we look around us in this season it appears as if earth has draped itself in a sheet of greenery .
once i had the opportunity of talking to farmers involved in banana cultivation .
we keep telling with great fanfare the whole world that india is a country where 65 of the population is below the age of 35 years .
people should be encouraged to take the finest photographs and upload them .
some european countries and china use animal dung and other biowaste to produce energy .
i pray for tomys sound health and i am sure that his courage, bravery and resolve to fight and emerge a winner will inspire our younger generation .
and its not that only the young are climbing everest .
in our country, respect for women, their status in society and their contribution has proved to be awe inspiring to the entire world, since ancient times .
remember to recollect the incidents that inspire others .
the government undertakes massive immunization programs for our children and yet millions of children are still left out from being immunized and fall prey to diseases .
today, i publicly express my heartfelt gratitude to all mps .
my dear countrymen, our former prime minister morarji desai was born on the 29th of february .
it is natural that if something of this sort happens in the land of mahatma and sardar patel, then the nation is definitely shocked and hurt .
i firmly believe that my young friends must be enthusiastic happy on the commencement of their college life .
friends, i touched upon the subject of water conservation in mann ki baat and today i feel that it was an issue close to your heart even before i referred to it, a matter of universal human interest .
this series has been named as the gandhimandela series .
can we make an effort as a student to learn, understand and try to live as per the traditions, culture, attire, eating habits and beliefs of different states, different societies, different groups of our country .
his principles are relevant even after several centuries have gone by .
there have been efforts towards increasing employment, poverty alleviation, and development .
you may also be having similar experience .
many memories emerge before my eyes .
let us build an empowered, capable new india .
you have done something that is exemplary and inspiring .
swachchh bharat mission is completing two years on this day .
i do not wish to trouble you further, since i can see how busy you are with myriad pressures on the work front .
that in order to save water, to collect water, to save the very drops of the rainwater, they should convene a meeting of the gram sabha and sit and discuss the resolution to this problem with the villagers .
such diseases were very rare in young people .
indias art culture has been portrayed here in a very attractive way .
especially the younger generation must utilize it optimally .
and very specially to our neighbouring countries .
come, let us all resolve to imbibe abide by lessons from his great teachings exemplary life and mould our own life in accordance with them .
an event such as this would have pushed anyone towards remorse and despair in the case of medvedev, there was no sign of the slightest pallor on his countenance .
we grew up, nurturing ourselves on the fruits of that very heritage .
my dear countrymen, 5th september is teachers day .
i do not know how the intellectual class, elites of the world would analyze this event .
this form of compassion was one of the greatest qualities of lord buddha for the alleviation of suffering of the people .
the longest railroad bridge, bogibeel bridge was dedicated to the nation sikkims first indias hundredth airport, pakyong commenced operations .
crops, livestock, infrastructure, roads, electricity, communication links everything gets affected .
i hope our youth will lend a hand in taking this movement of cleanliness forward .
savarkar along with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first war of independence with great fanfare at india house in london .
the widespread celebration of yoga and honouring those missionaries taking yoga to the doorsteps of the common folk made this yoga day special .
all around there is an atmosphere of spirituality, an air of festivities, an atmosphere of bhakti, of reverence .
it is an injustice to the poor .
this initiative will bring a fruitful result in the near future .
my younger friends, the days of examinations are approaching .
for the first time a program of this scale is being organized on the indian soil .
i have heard that people in large numbers around 500 people are using these lanterns .
guru nank dev ji firmly believed that any service done selflessly was beyond evaluation .
it is very natural for every countryman to have a deep sense of respect for these two bravehearts, our matri shakti .
come, let us be proud about these indians who have lived their lives in south africa embodying our highest and fundamental ideals .
aayan kumar banerjee from devi tola village of north 24 parganas in west bengal in his comment on my gov has written we celebrate rabindra jayanti every year but many people are not aware of the nobel laureate rabindra naths philosophy of living peacefully, aesthetically and with integrity .
but, one thing is right that this movement should be encouraged and it would definitely be better if cleaning tonnes of waste are cleaned and and given as presents in place of other gifts .
the nation will reap these benefits in the days to come but some people have got benefits instantly .
it is a very interesting suggestion .
it was as if every home had been transformed into an army post .
in our life, a teacher holds the same place which a mother does .
the gentleman does not wish to reveal his name .
he ensured that not a single person would face a problem on account of water .
the governments too will need to learn a lesson that there lies a powerful society which has tremendous capabilities, energy and the determination beyond the realms of their administration .
i came across some feedback that is very interesting .
while flying a kite or playing a game, one freely expresses ones inherent unique qualities .
10 districts have also been declared free of open defecation .
but, you did not find any damage anywhere .
on the 3rd of october, 2014, the pious occasion of vijayadashmi, we embarked upon a journey together through the medium of mann ki baat .
it is called bhoonga in kutch .
be it schools, hospitals, government offices, bus depots, railway stations, everywhere ramps, accessible parking, accessible lifts, braille, many amenities will be made available .
i appreciate the election commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy .
it is said that the revered assamese saint shankar dev too was inspired by him .
i urge the young generation to know and understand the fortitude and the sentiment displayed by these families .
their number was decreasing .
if you have any ideas for the third international yoga day, please do send me your suggestions and guidance through my mobile application .
and it is by my own personal experience that im telling you that if youre under pressure then you forget even your own things but if you are relaxed, then you cant even imagine the kind of things you are able to remember, and these become extremely useful .
in 1941, mahatma gandhi started penning down a few thoughts in the shape of a constructive programme .
the uit india movement was an important milestone in the indian freedom movement .
anshul ji, i thank you for raising this issue .
during my south africa tour, i visited phoenix settlement where mahatma gandhis home is known as sarvodaya .
i dont get it .
there was also loss of life and property .
seven thousand workers under mnrega worked very hard for seventy days and finally succeeded in reviving kuttumperoor river there .
i am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country .
i hail from roing, arunachal pradesh .
in kabirdham district of chhatisgarh more than 1 .
it will also be observed whether the cities have created a system wherein cleanliness of cities will became public habit, or the citys habit for that matter .
i have seen that whenever i have had the opportunity to go as prime minister, and of course credit also goes to international yoga day, the situation now is that wherever i go in the world or interact with someone, people invariably spend close to 57 minutes asking questions on yoga .
i got an opportunity to speak to them at length .
my dear countrymen, i feel delighted to learn that the awareness about how to use technology, making epayments, making online payments is spreading very fast .
numerous references of voyages and expeditions of the cholanavy are found even today in sangam literature .
my dear young friends, i dont like it when holidays are just frittered away .
a thousand years ago, he launched an agitation allowing their entry into temples and succeeded in facilitating the same .
i would request all of you also to kindly listen to this programme in your regional language as well .
this campaign made people aware of social maladies such as childmarriage and the dowry system .
my dear countrymen, it is a matter of pride not only for india but for the entire world today, while we are celebrating gandhi 150, our 130 crore countrymen have pledged to be rid from the menace of single use plastic .
on 26th january we celebrate republic day can we citizens and school and college students take up the initiative of cleaning the statue of any great men installed in our city, of cleaning the premises, we can do best of cleanliness and best of decoration on the occasion of 26th january .
some have advised me to dwell upon many other books .
and i have never said that these are the expressions of my mind .
it is on account of these people that this time voting took place on a larger scale compared to the previous election .
one is not done with one festival, in the mean time the second one comes along in a way one festival leaves us waiting for another .
a path that could act as a beacon of inspiration not just to their contemporaries, but for generations to come .
some people feel that digital india is to do with the world of the youth in our cities .
in karnataka, especially in faroff, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services .
indignation was expressed everywhere about the activities in the parliament .
come, let us look anew at india which swami vivekananda had seen and let us put in practice the inherent strength of india realized by swami vivekananda .
i had said one step towards cleanliness and today we can say that each one of us has definitely tried to take one step further .
it happened this time .
he preferred to live a teachers life .
indias economy has in itself an element of social economics .
recently i got an opportunity to take part in a programme in mumbai the inauguration of the wadhwani institute for artificial intelligence .
i had made a humble request that on the occasion of raksha bandhan we give our sisters these insurance schemes as a gift .
type 1 is hereditary if the parents have it, so shall their child .
with their joint efforts, yogesh ji and rajneesh ji have developed a smartgaonapp by utilizing their professional skills .
money was needed urgently .
this deed found a mention in guinness book of world records .
preventive health care is the least costly and the easiest one as well .
i felicitate the residents of mubarakpur, for transforming the pious occasion of ramzan into an opportunity for the welfare of society on .
this is not true at all, we need to modify it according to the needs of india .
i am reminding you of this because i want the younger generation of our country to take part in sports .
he dedicated his life in ensuring that food, shelter, education and spiritual knowledge reached out to people .
last time on 15th august i had proposed the sansad adarsh gram yojana .
my dear countrymen, an audit and assessment of the performance of the present government in the last three years is happening all over on newspapers, social media or tv for the last 15 days .
actually, this month, the world childrens winners games were held in moscow .
we have to realise the importance of this responsibility of ours .
if you had not made a call about this aspect, perhaps those connected with this cleanliness movement might have also not thought about such a sensitive issue .
who knows, vijay biswals work may get recognised by his paintings across the nation in the near future .
in our country, close to 3 crore women become pregnant every year but some of these mothers die during childbirth .
on behalf of all countrymen, i wish her a bright future .
this mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, cooperation and continuum .
it was indeed a delightful experience .
barely had they entered deep into the cave that a sudden heavy downpour caused water logging at the inlet of the cave .
in ahmedabad in gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed yoga together and created a new world record .
india has created history by becoming the first country to launch successfully 104 satellites into space at one go .
and this it, when you hear such things the heart swells with pride .
they proved that through perseverance, grit and a firm resolve, all kinds of obstacles and barriers can be broken crossed, to chart out an all new path .
now the time has come to find a solution to this problem .
we celebrated 14th april as the 125th birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedekar and today we celebrate 24th april as panchayati raj day .
now you see, when such incidents are connected, how excited we get .
friends, in every field of life and when taking exams, if you were able to study peacefully for two hours earlier, then are you now able to do so for three hours .
his birthplace was patna, karmabhoomi was north india and the last moments were spent in nanded .
all of you are carrying forward the indian tradition of a healthy life style as a true successor .
special provisions have been provided for in this law for their education, facilities and also for grievances .
through his clarion calls dilli chalo, tum mujhe khoon do, main tumhe azadi doonga, netaji secured a special place in every indians heart .
baba saheb strengthened the oppressed, exploited, deprived and crores of people standing on the brink of marginalization via the constitution of india .
whenever confronted by such difficult times, people do succeed in exploring and finding good avenues and solutions .
i would especially like to thank the hospitality of the people of jammu kashmir while referring to successful organization of amarnath yatra .
besides, clear guidelines were defined to disqualify the defector .
make others join you in that if the new member does three transactions, performs financial business thrice, you stand to earn ten rupees for that .
let us forge ahead with a strong resolution .
he ensured that millions of indians were brought under the ambit of one nation one constitution .
but i want to share with you what i heard from these heroes .
todays scientist becomes a potent catalyst for enduring change in the lives of our future generations .
this means that an average of eight and a half thousand people witnessed the grandeur of the 'statue of unity' every day .
spectators welcomed his reflections with warmth and fervor .
your vision will expand .
to clear the stumps from the fields they had to spend 5,000, 10,000 or 15,000 rupees per hectare .
my dear countrymen, once again i wish you all the best for various festivals that would be celebrated in the oncoming season in india, which is filled with diversity .
the divinity emanating from kumbhwill spread the colours of india's splendour throughout the world .
there is another reason why i consider 26th july quite important because mygov .
25 lakh students from about 1700 schools collectively wrote letters to their parents .
but we may call it the countrys misfortune that on this day itself indira gandhi ji was assassinated .
this has transparency, this has empowerment, this has entrepreneurship too .
sardarsaheb believed that the power of india lay in the diversity of the land .
my dear countrymen, i said this from the red fort on the 15th of august that there are few places where corruption is deep rooted .
nowadays we observe sunday as a holiday but in our older generations, labourers, fishermen and others from such sections of society used to observe holidays on new moon, that is amavasya and full moon, that is poornima .
we have been hearing this as a natural fact right from our childhood and the reason is, the noncooperation movement was launched on the 1st of august 1920 .
but why should we blame the rains .
many other young people have shared their experiences, having joined the fit india efforts .
there has been a major change through construction of small ponds in the fields at kabirdham in rajasthan .
many fishermen were rescued from the sea and handed over to bangladesh .
any talented child who has an achievement in sports, can upload his biodata or video on this portal .
we should celebrate 15th august 2017 as the sankalp parva or the day of resolve, and in 2022 marking 75 years of freedom, we will certainly transform that resolve into siddhi or attainment .
whenever i prepare myself for mann ki baat, i find that the citizens of our country prepare themselves even more .
i had once mentioned to switch off the street lights on a full moon night and enjoy the moonlight for an hour .
not just that, he also established world renowned institutions and industries such as tata steel .
the waste from our kitchens, be it vegetable peels, leftover food, egg shells or leaves are all part of liquid waste and are to be placed in green litter bins .
this is indias unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture .
my dear countrymen, it has been told in our epics , , it means o, lord, peace should prevail all around in all three lokas,in water, in air, in space, in fire, in wind, in medicines, in vegetation, in gardens, in sub conscious, in the whole creation .
a national highway has been constructed in 2017 through our village bhinnar .
it is an attractive tourist destination too .
we will soon register indias presence on the moon through the chandrayaan2 campaign .
but few would know that in english, there is a word, juggernaut which means, a magnificent chariot, that is unstoppable .
let me tell you about one of our daughters from kashmir who won a gold medal in a karate championship in korea .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, you must have repeatedly heard the term digital india .
i have to say something more .
now you will be wondering what is the connection between smiling buddha and india's military might .
once, on being asked about it, he quipped, i have devised ten thousand ways of how not to make a light bulb .
what kind of steps should be taken to strengthen the security of the country and that of the countrymen, was discussed in detail .
in the past few days the events in gujarat, the violence unsettled the entire country .
my name is deepanshu ahuja i live in mohalla saadatganj, district saharanpur, uttar pradesh .
if we are not aware of safety in daily life, if we are not able to attain a certain level, it will get extremely difficult during the time of disasters .
the joy of sacrifice is beautifully described in this mantra tain tyakten bhunjhita .
in indias struggle for freedom, gandhian thought and gandhian practice became manifest for the first time in champaran .
even in those times such a lot of care was taken .
bapu gave an inspirational mantra to all of us which is known as gandhijis talisman in that, gandhiji had said, i give you one mantra, whenever you are in doubt or whenever your ego gets over your personality, undergo this test remember the face of the poorest or the weakest person that you have seen, recall his looks and ask your inner self how useful your intended step would be for that person .
this is the power of the masses and this is why i request you to come forward and help once again .
they are worried about environment .
they traversed a multitude of oceans, many a sea, over a distance of almost twenty two thousand nautical miles .
many good wishes to you all on the national sports day .
one of their findings was that, this programme has remained apolitical .
guru ravidas ji was born in the holy city of varanasi .
my dear countrymen, exam time in schools throughout the nation is soon going to dawn upon us .
can our farmers, the sons of our soil make a resolve that by the year 2022, when we complete 75 year of our independence, they will cut down the urea usage to half of what is being used presently .
thus ever since the day it became public knowledge that rainfall this year is expected to be between 106 and 110 it seems as if tidings of peace and happiness have come .
we should use each kumbh mela to make people aware of how we can increase our value for water, our faith in water how we can spread the message of water conservation .
my dear countrymen, greetings to all of you .
let us enter into the new year with such little achievements, begin our new year and take a concrete steps in the journey from positive india to progressive india .
when somebody talks about the environment, one can easily sense his or her crucial concerns on the matter .
it is but natural to remember dr babasaheb ambedkar on the constitution day today .
how could we build an india of the dreams of our freedom fighters .
in the roti banks, the leftover rotis are deposited by people, they also deposit the leftover vegetables and the needy can obtain food from these banks .
this can be a huge learning experience especially for the youth .
there id inaugurated a state of the art museum dedicated to mahatma gandhi .
while we are on the subject of health, i would like to talk about one more issue .
many such stories have been shared by people .
i can imagine how many weaver families, poor families, and the families working on handlooms must have benefitted from this .
her family is very poor .
every bank provides online banking facility .
one runs short of words in complimenting and congratulating our scientists, their entire team .
every indian is proud to know how the world is accepting and getting attracted towards yoga .
and therefore, i thank everyone and express my gratitude to all who contributed in making it a successful programme .
in the rabi season of 201617, wheat production per acre increased three to four times and their income also increased by four to six thousand rupees per acre .
we had, anyways, declared an important scheme in the last budget .
we must usher in the auspicious in 2018, enter the new year with the resolution of the auspiciouswe know that in our part of the world, and probably all around the world around the ending of the year we take a stock, contemplate, and draw plans for the next year .
i respectfully pay my homage to revered pandit deen dayal upadhyay, who has been a source of inspiration to all of us, and an embodiment of our intellectual heritage .
throughout the entire country, be it villages or towns, the educated or the illiterate, there is an atmosphere of curiosity as to what is cashless, how cashless business can take place, how can one make purchases without using cash .
we observe name, fame and laurels when it comes to sportspersons .
i also got an opportunity to go and watch a match .
for my part i wish good luck to all the village heads and all the sarpanchs for their dynamism .
there must be many such villages in the country, many progressive farmers and many conscientious citizens who have already done this kind of work .
there have been many surveys and several opinion polls .
but on returning, i purchased the book and read it more than twice .
in the global competitive report of the world economic forum, india has made a big leap upwards by 32 ranks .
this is a holy act, everyone must do it .
thus, we are favourably placed for using technology .
ndtv has started a campaign called banega swachh india .
almost immediately after its launch, our satellite has sent back some pictures .
the new year is celebrated in different ways in different parts of our country .
my dear countrymen, the rather long wait after independence for a war memorial is about to be over .
and if we stick to the same routine, we may perhaps keep facing the same disappointment .
unfortunately whenever one talks of jharkhand what comes to mind is maoism, violence, guns and blood soaked land .
take the examples of khadi and handloom .
these are on diverse topics .
my dear countrymen, this is not the pain of an individual person .
this comment came from brother muhammad aslam who stays in shopian, jammu kashmir .
and my dear countrymen, the speciality about this statue is that this is a rare statue of tilakji in which he is sitting in a chair and in this swaraj is our birthright swaraj hamara janma sidhha adhikar hai is inscribed right below tilakjis statue .
i visited gujarat recently and the officers there informed me that porbandar, the birth place of mahatma gandhi, will achieve the target of total odf on 2nd october, 2016 .
all states and union territories have been requested to celebrate the occasion in a grand manner .
the fact is, stories of the valour and patriotism of our heroes should be told and retold to our newer generations in ways more than one .
in the midst of immense and varied stress, all these individuals are working hard, maintaining a calm and composed demeanour, taking it as a yagya of service to the nation, an attempt towards a great transformation .
the way yoga was received and was welcomed with open arms around the world, there would not be any indian who would not be proud of it .
holi makes us forget our rancours and gives us an opportunity to be a part of each other's happiness and glad tidings, and it conveys the message of love, unity and brotherhood .
as there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates .
state governments, union government, local selfgovernment bodies, social organisations and the citizens did whatever best could be done .
the kumbh mela can become the centre of tourist attraction as well .
there are vacations, diwali is drawing near, all around in our country, there is an inclination to travel to some place or the other .
many topics were discussed in their company and their confidence was really striking it was inspiring .
i am extremely thankful to young chinmayee for touching upon this subject .
our land has been an engineering laboratory .
come, let us do something on this occasion which may raise the morale of our armed forces .
till august 2017, indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 peacekeeping operations undertaken by the un the world over .
but, today, i want to have a discourse with you on a new topic .
five years from now, we will celebrate 75 years of indias independence .
in india also more importance needs to be given to our daughters along with increased awareness and sensitivity towards them .
mann ki baat, november 2018 .
many forts associated with shivaji maharaj like sindhu durg, murud janjira, swarn durg, etc were either situated on the sea coast or were encircled by sea .
sardar vallabh bhai patel was elected the mayor of ahmedabad municipal corporation and he immediately selected victoria garden as a venue for lok manya tilaks memorial and this was the very victoria garden which was named after the british ueen .
please hear what he wants to saymy name is pawan acharya and i belong to alwar, rajasthan .
nowadays many cities in our country are witnessing cycle use and there are many people promoting its use .
adhering consistently to the objective of bringing space science to the common man, for the service of the nation, they are creating one record after another .
they have decided to give up cultivation of those crops that require a lot of water, like sugarcane and banana .
they use fake letter pads while sending these letters they obtain your credit card number and debit card number and empty your bank account through technology .
we can feel the essence of these ideals in his compositions .
the tiger population in india is 2967, two thousand nine hundred sixty seven .
the 31st of october also is the death anniversary of our former prime minister indira gandhi .
you will be pleased to know that in the summer youth olympics 2018, the performance of our youth was the best ever .
my dear countrymen, 26th january is the golden moment in the life of indian democracy .
today, the entire country is celebrating rakshabandhan .
and as a precise consequence of this diligence, there are clear indications that india will succeed handsomely in this endeavour .
mahatma gandhi had transformed the freedom movement into a mass movement .
today the country is moving forward from the path of women development to womenled development .
they can use technology videos, posts, blogs, scripts, novel ideas to put forward all these .
he has written in gitanjali he, who has the knowledge has the responsibility to impart it to the students .
you all should start preparing for it right away .
getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her .
let me tell anagha, jayesh other children that these letters enliven me up after a hard days work .
may you go further than these successes, keep on playing and keep on blooming .
we are battling corruption, black money etc on the lines of military forces .
my dear countrymen, certain things touch me very deeply and my heart bows in respect to those who visualize such heartwarming initiatives .
mann ki baatis like a mirror to the country our society .
i get to know as to what all is happening on the ground, in our villages and in the hearts and minds of the poor .
take the case of dengue .
this diwali, can we arrange programmes to honor the laxmi of india .
he had talked about the importance of federalism, federal system and stressed on center and states working together for the upliftment of the country .
on the one hand, the machinations went on to generate tension for week or two, but, when the decision was taken on ram janmabhoomi, the government, political parties, social organizations, civil society, representatives of all sects and saints gave restrained and balanced statements .
in the next two months, we will be busy in the hurlyburly of the general elections .
swapan banerjee from west bengal, akhilesh pandey from katihar, bihar and numerous others have written on narendra modi mobile app and mygov asking me to speak on various aspects of ataljis life .
this cleanliness drive in sabrimala and the contribution of punyan poonkavanam in this are so immense that each devotee contributes and participates in it .
some days back a newspaper had written a letter to me saying that they had decided that on mondays they would not give any negative news but only positive news .
and she was saying all this with such a feeling of pride that it made me think that engineers in that era had constructed such structures according to the local situations which kept the common man safe and secured .
so much so, that youngsters of only 1516 years of age have brought honour to our country by winning medals .
with reference to the social schemes related to financial inclusion, my question to you is in the backdrop of the jan dhanyojna launched in 2014, can you say that, do the statistics show thattoday, three years later, india is financially more secure and stronger, and whether this empowerment and benefits have percolated down to our women, farmers and workers, in villages and small towns .
inspired by his vision, the 'national human rights commission' nhrc was formed on 12th october 1993 .
my dear countrymen, last week i had many wonderful experiences in navsari, gujarat .
leaders of 54 african countries and unions have been invited .
cut in fertilizer usage resulted in monetary saving .
they too felt that it was not just schools, it was the future of the children, that had been set ablaze .
we have to walk together towards the path of development .
followers of lord budha across the world celebrate the festival .
in rural areas too, people can buy or sell through aeps and they can also win rewards .
many regions in the state have been ruined by these communist terrorists .
in some parts of the country, there have been repetitive floods .
i appeal to all strata of society, residents of every village, town city, take it as a prayer with folded hands let us celebrate gandhi jayanti this year as a mark of our plastic free mother india .
let us share such websites amongst ourselves .
lets see what happens when we place faith in the people of india .
we have also created a world record for launching 104 satellites simultaneously from the same spacecraft .
cant we share 5 of our positive life experiences of the past year .
sometimes when we talk to the youth we learn so many things .
their grit and zeal, is inspiring for all of us .
my dear fellow citizens, a number of important occasions are coming up in april, especially on 14th of april which happens to be the birth anniversary of baba saheb bhimrao ambedkar .
kirti from ghaziabad, swati vats from sonepat, brother praveen from kerala, dr .
this technology can be harnessed to better the lives of the underprivileged, the marginalized and the needy .
in the backdrop of the fact that maritime security today has become an issue of global concern and the excellence displayed by coast guard in securing indias coast line, i extend my heartiest felicitations to them on their 40th birthday .
and when i mention the glorious journey of these youth, i am reminded of neeraj jis line which sum up the raison detre of life .
at a time when people are gobbling up medicines indiscriminately and passing their days, yoga plays a very vital role in helping people to lead a stressfree life .
in the last few weeks wherever i went and met people, 'man vs wild' gets a mention .
i offer my best wishes to all mothers and sisters on this blessed occasion of raksha bandhan .
do shramdan, donate through labor .
in the year 2001, atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am .
just imagine the change that would be ushered in, theft will stop, the environment would benefit, and we will save our precious foreign exchange and the common folk will get facilities .
come, lets march together as we do our bit .
a successful effort has been made in parsi village to create awareness along with infrastructure and organizational development .
in a way your question were the a personal, amiable touch .
we have to help them in getting freed from their troubles in a stepwise manner .
it is a measure of its global importance that last year unesco has marked kumbh mela in the list of intangible cultural heritage of humanity .
and, atharva veda, written thousands of years ago, is the most authentic guiding scripture about nature and environment .
but if we, 125 crore indians, decide that we have to give importance to our tourism sector, we can attract the world .
banks are the mainstream of the economy and to reach this facility to the homes of the poor, the programme of bank mitra is being strengthened .
and this time i have spoken about it well in time .
they also displayed as to how convenient these new technique toilets are and there is absolutely no inconvenience or hesitation in emptying or cleaning these toilets and even the psychological barrier does not come in the way at all .
our space program provides an impetus to the children to think big and reach across those boundaries, which were considered impossible till today .
many messages and other expression forms have been received on sandesh to soldiers hashtag .
i will give you something to ponder upon .
they will circumnavigate the globe and return home, after many months .
we shall gradually advance in that direction .
this 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs .
presently, more than three thousand jan aushadhi kendras have been opened across the country and more than eight hundred medicines are being made available there at an affordable price .
the volunteers of jamiatulemaehindset a fine, inspiring example of unity for cleanliness .
prem sehgal, col gurbaksh singh dhillon and major general shahnawaz khan had to face a trial under british rule .
they have announced that under the uttam panchayat for digitransaction, rewards of 5 lakh rupees will be given to villages doing 100 digital transaction till 31st march, 2017 .
one daughter at surat in gujarat served only tea to all the guests who had come to her wedding there was no big function, no feast or banquet because there was a shortage of cash due to demonetisation .
it was during this very year that our country has successfully accomplished the nuclear triad, which means we are now armed with nuclear capabilitiesin water, on land and in the sky as well .
similarly, nidhi dubeys husband mukesh dubey was a naik in the army and attained martyrdom while fighting for his country his wife nidhi also took a resolve and joined the army .
on this occasion, many felicitations to the citizens of these two states on my behalf .
it is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of india .
in the previous episode of mann ki baat i had expressed the view that our students should be drawn towards science .
she is proud of her daughters excellent painting ability .
so i would appeal to all guardians and parents to give not just enough time and attention to their children but also to everything thats happenings in their school .
and, whenever i got a chance to listen to poems like anandloke and aaguner, poroshmoni, i used to feel as if my mind was being energised .
in fact, this is the new india which we are all collectively building .
our farmers have discovered new avenues amidst the present difficulties .
can we, this time, during the festival season, dispel some of the darkness beneath the lamp with due awareness and resolve .
your youthpower is really inspiring for any young person .
the festivals of vasant panchami, mahashivratri and holi, impart hues of happiness to a persons life .
he had given this idea in 1942 which now is before us in the shape of amul it is a living example as to how sardar saheb had foreseen the way to prosperity of the farmers .
i recently noticed in a training programme in business management, our traditional sports and games being used for improving overall personality development and interpersonal skills .
many a time we see them telling elders not to litter on the roads .
vikram sarabhai has had an important role in india's space program .
kindly discuss this point in mann ki baat programme so that more and more people may get to know about this .
i had met tomy earlier too despite having faced such a tough situation .
this is the best way to remember sardar saheb, because he worked for the unity of our nation throughout his lifetime .
this is certain .
my dear countrymen, during diwali festivities, kartik purnima is also a festival of lights called prakash utsav .
and, what is that picture about .
in the amrut scheme, we have launched a massive campaign and taken up initiatives to improve the quality of life in our cities .
anshu kumar amar kumar from delhi on mygov, vikas yadav from patna on similar lines monica jain from delhi, prosenjit sarkar from bardhaman, west bengal and sangeeta shastri from nagpur converge in asking a shared question .
i am fortunate to get the chance to visit mhow, the birthplace of our revered baba saheb ambedkar, on 14th april this year .
people in village after village resolved to accumulate every single drop of rainwater .
he was committed to being a teacher .
so many years have passed and yet, ueen elizabeth has treasured the handkerchief gifted by mahatma gandhi .
this programme was organized in the month of june .
mandela said this about bapu mahatma is an integral part of our history, because it was here that he used his first experiment with truth .
some days ago, i read in a news article that a lady became a victim of fraud and cheat email, lost 11 lakh rupees and committed suicide .
these are new methods of technology that are spreading in the entire world for cheating people .
one is the sudarshan chakra bearing mohan and the other is the charkha bearing mohan .
just recently i had two memorable meetings .
the tradition of kumbh has bloomed and flourished as part of our great cultural heritage .
it is becoming evident that along with studies, our new generations can see a future in sports as well .
they have to live amongst many different people .
the maharashtra government has transformed this activity into a peoples movement .
the republic day will be celebrated with leaders of all ten asean countries coming to india as chief guests .
ekta ki daud i also had a chance to run in one of these earlier .
one such illustrious indian is being honoured in vatican city on 13th october .
peace, unity and brotherhood is the right way forward .
we shall continue to receive something, learn something from them and keep on doing some good things .
the government, civil society, the citizens, and the small organizations will all have to work for capacity building through scientific temperament .
he also travelled to the holy land of haridwar .
i am grateful to akbar sahab .
my dear countrymen, we shall meet once again in the next episode after this 50th episode of mann ki baat and i am sure that in this episode of mann ki baat today i got an opportunity for the first time to talk to you about the spirit behind this programme because of your questions but our journey shall continue .
recently, india has had many achievements in sports, as well as science .
many sports competitions for kids were organized under the aegis of khelo india .
go to a destination and spend three to four days there then go to the next and spend a like duration there .
she was so impressed by swami vivekanand that she renounced her happy prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor .
every morning, first of all, people look for newspapers, television, news and social media to check indian players winning medals .
today, the national disaster management authority, ndma is the vanguard when it comes to dealing with disasters in the country .
you can imagine the gargantuan task .
the air force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too .
this act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls .
he was bestowed with a quiet and simple personality, but whenever, an attempt was made to suppress the voice of the poor and the weak, or injustice was done to them, then guru gobind singh ji raised his voice firmly for the poor and the weak and therefore it is said i can make one fight against one hundred and fifteen thousands,i can make the sparrow fight against the hawkthat be the reason that gobindsingh be my name .
on the narendramodiapp, on twitter, on facebook, by post i thank all of you for that .
now that we are conversing about reading, then in some extension of media, i had read about the akshara library in kerala .
how can resolve be transformed into reality .
a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honorable atal bihari vajpayee ji .
two three years ago, thousands of people would lose their lives every year due to heatwave .
the old or the young, men or women, city or village everyone has become a part of this cleanliness campaign now .
and similarly in kerala, i really want to thank young people .
yoga too is a good means for mental wellbeing .
i appeal to all the sarpanchs and village heads to take a lead in this campaign in their respective panchayats .
kargil war was not limited to just our borders, but each of our cities, villages contributed in this war .
this conveys the immense significance attached to the sanctity of service .
i also thank my colleagues from all india radio, fm radio, doordarshan, other tv channels and the social media .
in earlier times, such diseases were known as 'rajrog' which means diseases that used to afflict only the rich or those who lived a life of luxury .
alongside the festivities of deepawali, we also prepare to celebrate chhathh pooja .
the mistakes and the shortcomings once highlighted can be rectified .
today is the holy day of ram navami .
this is a country where both theists and atheists idolaters and those loathing idolworship coexist .
on one hand was the aadhar card scheme, and on the other was the jan dhan account thirdly the state and indian government compiled the lists of beneficiaries .
they can sponsor young professionals willing to work for swachchhata mission .
the tiger summit took place in 2010 at st petersburg, russia .
the foundation for the progress of india is the rise of its villages .
india's test was not only successful but in a way, india had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology .
i feel we can harness artificial intelligence in many such fields .
mother nature gives us life and nurtures us, but at times natural catastrophes such as floods and earthquakes wreak havoc on a massive scale .
we had a problem of water scarcity in our area and we used to depend on an army pipeline for the last forty years .
its true that i met the chief minister of madhya pradesh recently and he told me that they have laid special emphasis on cleanliness .
at the same time bright yellow flowers of mustard swaying in their fields kindle hope in the hearts of the farmers .
what can be achieved with technology .
in the dictionary, the etymology of the word juggernaut traces its roots to the chariot of lord jagannath .
there are many who rush to donate blood, when required .
the gond tribes in central indai stop fishing in some parts of kaithan river during the breeding season .
its a matter of joy that women in india are taking rapid strides of advancement in all fields, bringing glory to the nation .
people of north india may not be knowing what all is there in the south .
during the last two years this programme involved the common man .
about 1520 days before ashadhi ekadashi warkari or pilgrims start the pandharpur yatra on foot .
and precisely for that, the country sacrificed one full election, not for her own sake, but for the sake of protecting democracy .
my dear countrymen, january 13 is the date ofthe sacred festival observed in honour of guru gobind singh jis birth anniversary .
my dear fellow citizens, this is not a small matter .
luckily i got another chance to celebrate deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel .
mahatma gandhi had advocated this wisdom at every step of his life .
you can imagine how this period must have made one feel .
seventeen separate committees were constituted by the constituent assembly on various important issues .
this is not merely the production of pulses but a yeoman service rendered by the farmers to the poor of my country .
then a poor widow came and parted with only two copper coins .
i extend my felicitation to you all, that may this beauteous and lively month of sawan fill all of us with new energy, new hopes and new expectations .
in the life of every teacher, there are incidents of simple efforts that succeeded in bringing about a transformation in somebodys life .
my dear countrymen when mann ki baat approaches i receive messages, letters and phone calls from all sides .
this proves that cleanliness suffers from no barriers of age there are no boundaries .
we must all develop this habit .
out came his cheque book, and a cheque of fiftyseven thousand rupees was handed to the head of the village panchayat with a request that the 57 households having no toilets be give one thousand rupees each from his side, so that 57 toilets can get constructed and badhana becomes an open defecation free village .
new india is neither a government programme, nor is it the manifesto of a political party, nor is it a project .
andhra pradesh, too has decided to increase its green cover by 50 by the year 2029 .
i hope and believe that everyone will celebrate eid with gaiety and fervor and on this occasion children will specially get a grand eidi .
separate teams will go to cities for inspection .
you can imagine how happy i must have been on hearing this news .
mann ki baat, september 2019 .
these are your banks and now you should never leave them .
the credit for this goes to all the parties .
firstly, these girls have created an image of mother india by thumb prints on a huge piece of cloth .
but it is true we still have a long way to go .
in the true sense ekta ki daud is the true race for development .
she has not been hailed as 'goddess of women empowerment' just for nothing .
in the times to come, many programmes, competitions exhibitions have been planned .
sardar patel rose from being a farmers son to be known as the iron man of the country, undertaking the extraordinary task of uniting india into one nation .
mission indradhanush is one such operation that involves a vaccination program covering those kids who got left out during previous immunization campaigns and empowers them with immunity against serious diseases .
he clears plastic, polythene, used bottles, dry or wet waste every piece of dirt from aisas biggest lake near srinagar .
i extend my best wishes to all my countrymen for the various upcoming festivals and celebrations .
at times, we are so familiar with our values that we dont feel there is anything new in them but we ourselves do not know that our family values are considered to be a big thing in the entire world .
and the most unique aspect was that gurudev tagore did not ascribe any name to most of his works .
may the world be free of crises, be it from terrorism, from global warming or from natural calamities or manmade tragedies .
and of the thousands of such suggestions received this time on mygov, on narendramodiapp, i can definitely say that 80 to 90 suggestions were pertaining to the war against corruption and black money, there was mention of demonetization .
now the examinations have ended and you must be done with your plans to enjoy the vacation .
this act will give more security to the interests of sc and st communities .
many years ago, i visited andaman nicobar islands i went to see the cellular jail there .
yaadejalian, reminiscences of jalianwala bagh and 1857 indias first war of independence constitute the premises of kranti mandir, that has been dedicated to the nation .
to make this programme even more interesting many other means were employed .
you must also have been impressed by rabindra sangeet and his poems .
friends, festival tourism has its own exciting attractions .
they do so because they are adept in multitasking .
all of them showed enthusiasm by personally speaking out their minds to me .
and i have seen that in the midst of such difficulties, all personnel of banks and post offices are working very hard .
chandra bose and his family members were in the process of organising this and last week i received the confirmation that around 50 members of the bose family are coming to the prime ministers residence for a meeting .
cine artiste akshay kumar has shared a video on twitter .
this very month, 20 year old vedangi kulkarni from pune became the fastest asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle .
friends, certain turns in life make our hearts swell with joy zest .
it was interesting to know about the ongoing miraculous accomplishments in the field of science .
i am sure you can handle the entire business in your village using this technology .
i had never thought that there would be an opportunity in my life to touch the hearts of young people around the world .
ask him about his repository of knowledge .
on 26th january the arrival of great leaders of 10 nations of the world as a unit is a matter of pride for all indians .
the ritu of vasant, that is, the season of spring is indeed the confluence of these two months .
it is not at all surprising that the indian air force has proved itself to be the cynosure of every citizens eye, through the display of sheer might in the skies .
based on harivansh rai jis lines .
banks have conducted surveys about how the common man has benefitted from jan dhanyojna, from insurance schemes, from rupay card and pradhan mantri mudra yojna i recently met a few bankers, who shared inspiring stories from their survey .
farmers need fertile soil in their fields to grow crops .
we say, atithi devo bhava and just imagine how we strive to keep our homes neat and clean when a guest is due to arrive .
budget under mnrega is also utilized for this water conservation activity .
they connect the individual with society .
ganesh ji removes obstacles .
you are right, that wherever i go, the government machinery does the cleaning but nowadays cleanliness also turns into a social event .
best wishes to you .
parents in most parts of the country must be busy with their childrens examinations .
as a responsible citizen and as a member of the society, we will have to cultivate the habit of conserving every drop of water .
on the one hand, they have displayed exemplary capabilities in restoring peace on the other, they have retaliated in equal measure, in a language the attackers understand .
is it in celebration of an occasion like a wedding .
there is a provision of a bumper draw also in that .
the movement was not curtailed to the confines of prison cells .
they collect clothes, sweets, food from homes, look for the needy and hand them over discreetly .
some people say that the youth do not have patience but my belief is that the youth do not have any time to waste this is the point which helps the present day youth become more innovative because they want to accomplish things quickly .
there is little awareness among people about ecigarette .
our scientists launched the asat in march .
and you must have noticed that when you are happy, you are smiling, you become relaxed automatically, and when you relax instinctively, youre able to recollect very old things also quite effortlessly .
my dear brothers and sisters, laxmi, the goddess of wealth, makes an entry into each and every household in the form of fortune and prosperity .
in fact, may 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our selfrespect .
i requested the people to buy khadi and to do their bit .
this time, india clinched a large number of medals in the asian games .
the determination did not diminish with each passing generation .
i also want to thank our farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulse crops also besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people .
i respectfully pay my homage to all these brave soldiers, i bow to them .
under this campaign, food items and clothes will be collected and supplied to the needy persons .
the government is committed to prevent antibiotic resistance .
however, we can very well discern one characteristic that this entire journey of indian festivals, its widespread effect, its depth, its reach to each individual are all interlinked with one spirit which exhorts evolution from the self to the whole, the collective existence .
people are still expressing their happiness about gst, and are also eager to know more about it .
our doctors have gained recognition for their expertise in the medical field, hardworking attitude and the ability to solve complex medical problems .
in nagaland as well, tigers are seen as the forest guardians .
students, their parents and teachers, all are engaged in tasks related to examinations .
in this pious season many devotees perform the kanwad yatra and many proceed on the amarnath pilgrimage, many observe fasts and eagerly wait for festivals like janamasthmi and nag panchmi .
once, an interesting fact was brought to my notice .
this monsoon session of parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare .
lata didi of course .
through the atal grand challenges we have exhorted the young generation of the country that if they see problems, they should search for solutions taking the path of technology, doing research, applying innovations and bring those on board .
the constitution of india was adopted by the constituent assembly on this day in the year nineteen fortynine .
from 1857 to 1942, the people of india, with their ardent desire for freedom, came together, fought together, and suffered hardships these pages of history are an inspiration to us for building a glorious india .
i am very glad that a large number of people gave positive responses on social media platform, mygov and the narendra modi app and shared their experiences .
people in many countries of the world even learnt to utter the phrase chai par charcha .
he is a divyang by birth .
my dear countrymen, the month of august is significant because it is filled with historically important dates and festivals, but due to the weather sometimes sickness also enters the house .
my dear countrymen, this warmth of emotion, this fervour that has been kindled in the hearts of our defence forces, our soldiers this diwali, should this be confined to only a few occasions .
early this morning, i had an opportunity to spend some time with some young people from delhi and i believe, in the days to come, the spirit and fervor of sports will envelop every young person in the country .
the indian team did something that is exemplary to the whole world .
just as the rays of the sun give us life, similarly rainfall provide us life and sustenance .
some people are getting instant benefits from this campaign .
our constitution was adopted on 26th november, 1949 .
sudarshan chakra bearing mohan, thousands of years ago, had amply used his wisdom, his sense of duty, his might, his worldview to avert war, to prevent conflict, a sign of the times then .
thus we had developed the tradition to observe our holidays also intertwined with the phenomena of the universe keeping the scientific aspects in focus .
that is why, whenever i look at somebodys good handwriting, i have a great respect for it .
with their triumph, not only did they do the nation proud, they pleasantly surprised many people through their capabilities and prowess .
for the last so many years, a strong need for reforms has been felt in the education sector .
when a game is being played, the spectators too experience a rush of energy in their beings .
the sociological and collective aspect of fasting is that when a person experiences hunger himself, he comes to realize the hunger of others when he is thirsty, he realizes the thirst of others .
earlier, the cleanliness status was presented before the countrymen after conducting a survey of 73 cities .
i was looking into the suggestions received for mann ki baat .
my dear countrymen, being a human being, there are many things that touch me too .
another divyang, yogesh athuniaji, has won the gold medal in the discus throw in para athletics grand prix in berlin and in the process bettered the world record, along with sundar singh gurjar who also won the gold medal in javelin .
matunga station in mumbai is the first station in india which is run by an all woman staff .
i invite you .
i believe that we must be aware against such lure, must remain cautious and if such false communications come to our notice, then we must share them with our friends and make them aware also .
while travelling in the train or the bus if someone coughs, the next person immediately advises a cure to offer advice or suggest a solution, are part of our nature .
i would like the tourism department of the government of india and the state government to hold a photo competition on this occasion .
what new practices or procedures can be adopted .
some of my young friends must be busy with their examinations .
greetings from my end for a merry christmas to all indians and i also wish you all a happy new year .
people born in the year 2000 or later those born in the 21st century will gradually begin to become eligible voters from the 1st of january, 2018 .
i especially remember the life of jawed ahmed, his dedication and devotion especially on every 3rd december .
many such new categories of divyaangs have been included thereby providing them for the first time justice and opportunities .
let us start an awareness campaign to save even a single drop of water .
connecting with nature means nurturing a better planet .
it was a combination of hope, faith, a firm resolve and selfconfidence .
in all the programmes of gandhi 150, let there be a sense of collectiveness, let there be a spirit of service .
it is said that in 2014 india had about six and a half crore diabetics .
keeping this mantra of gandhiji in mind while making any purchases during the 150th anniversary of gandhiji, we must make it a point to see that our purchase must benefit one of our countrymen and in that too, one who has put in physical labour, who has invested money, who has applied skill must get some benefit .
this time, i requisitioned and viewed videos of discussions with our farmers on dd kisan channel of doordarshan and i feel that each farmer should get connected to this dd kisan channel of doordarshan, view it and adopt those practices in his her own farm .
but, do you know why we indian citizens commemorate this day as infantry day .
make our country clean and green .
a little carelessness about cleanliness and accumulated water can cause death, which i believe is not right .
from 1947 to 1950, dr .
i congratulate all those who belong to the navy .
today this library is a beacon guiding tribal children on a new path .
who had spent 20 to 22 years of their lives in prison with nelson mandela, effectively sacrificing the entire period of their youth for the society .
these three heroes inspire us to this day .
i appeal to the listeners of mann ki baat to provide this information about jan anshadhi kendras to the needy ones it will cut their expense on medicines .
this is probably the first of its kind, the most widespread experiment in environment consciousness .
i did get the benefit of that in my childhood i believe that we should infuse a new life, a new force into these organizations .
on the 23rd of january, the country celebrated the birth anniversary of netaji in an uncommon, special manner .
and the greatest thing was that while i was talking to them and listening about the experiences of their imprisonment, they had no bitterness or ill will for anyone .
for the previous three 15th august speeches, one consistent complaint has been that my speeches tend to be a little lengthy .
you must have heard about odisha's daitari nayak, who is not nicknamed the 'canal man of odisha' for nothing, daitari nayak chiselled through the mountain literally with his hands and carved a three kilometers long canal in his village, and put to rest forever the problem of irrigation and water by the sheer dint of his labour .
there are old baggages of our own lives and when they do not come in the way, it becomes easier to understand others .
he utilized this opportunity in improving the citys water supply network .
a change can now be seen in the form of public participation in rural and urban areas alike .
i request you to repeat this task in mann ki baat .
try to take the opportunity of acquiring a new skill try to experience something that you have neither heard before , nor seen, nor thought of and yet there is a curiosity in your mind .
young teachers associated with this campaign find out a free time of two hours from their busy schedule and contribute in this stupendous mission of bringing out a social transformation .
according to one estimate, more than 35 crore people in the world suffer from depression .
they have taken this campaign in a religious manner .
it is a wave of emotions that engulfs all of us simultaneously .
her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success .
during one udaasi, he widely travelled to islamic countries including saudi arabia, iraq and afghanistan .
today is the day to give importance in our lives to service, sacrifice and compassion .
may it be mannarkovil, chiran mahadevi, kovilpatti or pudukottai you will get to see massive stone inscriptions to this effect .
once again, my best wishes to you all on the occasion of the festivals coming our way .
with this point in view parliament has made a provision of strictest punishment by passing the criminal act amendment bill .
how can the poorest of the poor avail of benefits of development .
my friends, there are many little things that can be employed in our countrys effective fight against malnutrition .
we express our perception of him based on our thinking .
i have instructed the concerned department to convey to you efforts being made in this direction .
have you ever thought what changes would come in the lives of those kids who live in abject poverty when get the opportunity to play with you .
a few days ago, i was reading about a farmer brother gurbachan singh from punjab .
in herat, in afghanistan, on the india afghan friendship dam, salma dam, yoga added a new aspect to indias friendship .
i do it every time, but this diwali was an entirely different experience .
bhartahari has said that with regular yogic exercise, truth becomes our child, mercy becomes our sister, self restraint our brother, earth turns in to our bed and knowledge satiates our hunger .
examples such as prince kumar of delhi, whose father is a dtc bus driver, abhay gupta of kolkata who studied on foothpaths under street lights, bitiya afreen sheikh of ahmedabad, whose father drives an auto rickshaw, nagpurs daughter khushi, whose father is a school bus driver, karthik of haryana, whose father is a watchman or ramesh sahu of jharkhand, whose father is a brickkiln labourer .
elders, everyone, schools, colleges, all of us have to run for unity in lakhs of villages across the span of hindustan .
do you know, how much did subhash babu use the radio .
today, lakshadweep is contributing significantly in indias progress .
this is one subject that inspires us to look into our dignified past and our ancient traditions, today, the whole world and specially the western countries are discussing about environment protection and are trying to find new ways to adopt a balanced life style .
such sentimental incidents generate new energy, give new inspiration and this is what motivates us indians to do some remarkable things .
brothers and sisters, look at the agony of this young daughter, the 11th class student .
can you provide some information about that .
even the poor people can use ussd on simple feature or ordinary mobile phones to buy and sell goods as well as make payments and thus all of them can also become prospective beneficiaries of this reward scheme .
i had mentioned in my speech on 15th august 2015 that this tradition of interview should at least end at some level .
my best wishes to you all .
perhaps, to express those sentiments ill run short of words .
not only this, with the simplification of technology, we do not require any big smart phones for this purpose .
i visited kolkata in the month of may and the family members of subhash chandra bose came to meet me .
on the other hand, heavy rainfall in many parts of the country has resulted in countrymen suffering due to floods .
but, for its solution we only have to look inwards, to look into our glorious past and our rich traditions and have especially to understand the lifestyle of our tribal communities .
all of these festivals are usually celebrated between 13th and 17thjanuary .
no one can forget the story of krishna and yashoda where he opened his mouth and the mother was able to see the entire universe, and then only his power could be realized .
it has been almost 70 years .
my dear countrymen, were embarking on a new journey from today armed with new emotions, new realizations, new resolve and renewed vigour .
a light and sound show is also shown there which is very inspiring .
july is the month when the youth step into a new phase of life, where the focus shifts from questions and veers towards cutoffs .
depression can be the root cause of many mental and physical ailments .
today is the last day of month of april .
as a society, we need to understand the importance of human rights and inculcate them into practice this is the very basis of sab ka saathsab ka vikas' .
due to tireless efforts of many people the nation is making rapid progress .
it was resolved to double the number of tigers worldwide by 2022 .
how would society be a thousand years ago .
you can make a short film even with your mobile phone .
when i wanted to know the analysis, as to whether its only the young people who come forward or there are elders persons too, i was heartened to learn that among the recipients, there were 15 year old young persons, as well as elderly people aged 6570 .
i listened to some message personally and i liked them my team is working on the others .
some say that i keep one day a week as cycleday as it is good for my health .
on this occasion i extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of coast guard for their service to the nation .
some excellent creations were received in this competition .
you also share good episodes .
indian players are performing exceedingly well in shooting and wrestling but our players are winning medals in those competitions too, in which our performance has not been so good earlierlike wushu and rowing .
sun worship or chhath pooja is a festival of protecting the environment, ushering in wellness and discipline .
but i was happier to know that they do all this for their campaign team india vision for tribals .
i have confidence that the countrymen will evince interest in this system and if you enquire from the young people around you, they would surely be aware of these things and on your asking will tell you about these .
these atrocities against sardars on the birth anniversary of that great personality who lived for unity, that sardar, is a page of history, which causes pain to all of us .
but this is a good initiative both for improving health and saving the environment .
i salute ekta bhyanji, yogesh athuniaji and sundar singh ji, all of you for your fortitude and passion, and congratulate you .
in our freedom struggle, the salt satyagrah at dandi was an important turning point .
irfana begum from kalburgi has written that her school is 5 kilometres away from her village and she has to start early in the morning and it gets quite late in the evening by the time she returns home .
it is mentioned in anushasan parv in mahabharata that a tree is like an offspring and becomes means of salvation in after life, sonal has not only taken it upon herself to fulfill her parents wishes but societys expectations also .
deen dayalji talked about the poorest of the poor the deprived, distressed ones and spoke of how, through education, employment or otherwise his life could be transformed .
our festivals are now becoming great attractions for tourism .
in that programme on artificial intelligence, i urged the scientific community to deliberate on how artificial intelligence could help us make life easier for our divyang brothers sisters .
when science is harnessed keeping in minds the needs of common folk, when ways and means to naturally use those principles for peoples requirements are devised, when appropriate mediums and technologies are deliberated upon, it paves the way for it to be considered the most valuable contribution for general humanity .
they say modiji, do not feel exhausted, do not stop and take the most stringent measures that you can now that you have chosen this path, the journey should culminate at its intended and logical destination .
this is the day to remember the members of the constituent assembly .
like we became polio free similarly we became free from tetanus as a cause of maternal and child mortality .
o glorious children of mother india, you may remember that for the last few years, we have been running a countrywide campaign swachchata hi sewa, the quest for cleanliness is service, around a couple of weeks before the 2nd of october .
mann ki baat, april 2018 .
we can pay our best homage to him by following the path set by him and becoming good citizens .
for two years from now on, we are going to organise various programmes throughout the world on the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
my dear countrymen, this 21st of june, the fourth yoga day presented the rarest of sights .
on this day, women are also felicitated with 'nari shakti puraskar' who have performed exemplary tasks in different sectors in the past .
your contribution is priceless for me .
it was nowhere close to what the map looks like now .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, just think that if we have strong bones, strong heart, strong kidney, an overall good system but our upper skin gets burnt then what will happen even if the heart is strong, we will not be able to survive .
what is certainly required is focusing on your goal with a calm steady demeanour and the will to strive .
he has also mentioned that a few years ago they also got the award for the cleanest village of asia .
i am happy that, you are a farmer engaged in organic farming .
this time the world famous kumbh mela is going to be held in prayagraj from january 15, and many of you might be waiting eagerly for it to take place .
hence the entire army community is receiving a wonderful message and i would also like to wish you a happy diwali .
we will not have to secure our gold now we will not have to worry about where to put the gold and no one will come to steal the papers .
it also inspires us to maintain the unity integrity of the country .
and i am very happy that a large number of people are sharing their thoughts on mygov .
other factors affect nature and these also influence the human mind .
dr ram manohar lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production .
today i want to touch upon a very important point from a sanskrit subhashit .
and you will be happy to know that hardly four or five countries in the world possess this capability .
this yatra journey is known as wari and lakhs of warkaris join this .
it is indeed surprising today, when we hear that children are suffering from diabetes .
lord buddha was the fountainhead of egalitarianism, peace, harmony and brotherhood .
similarly, about the incidents that took place in kashmir and all that happened in kashmir, all political parties in the country collectively expressed their views in one voice .
if we light a lamp, the darkness is sure to be dispelled .
if we are a young nation, our youth should get manifested in the field sports as well .
if you happen to meet people there, send their photos too .
in an ambience of love, brotherhood and humanity, we are about to bid adieu to the last month of phalgun and are eagerly awaiting to welcome the arrival of the new month of chaitra .
now, there is no secret in this .
i want to reassure my farmer brothers and sisters that jai jawan jai kisan is not merely a slogan, it is our guiding mantra .
today, in this episode of mann ki baat, i want to share one such thing with you .
it feels great to see your interest in india's history .
this time india is hosting the biggest sanitation convention of the world so far, the mahatma gandhi international sanitation convention .
today when i refer to babasaheb, when i talk about ramanujacharya, im also reminded of the great 12th century saint social reformer from karnataka jagat guru basaveshwar yesterday i got the opportunity to be part of a function .
in fact, the scope of discussion with teenagers is quite limited in most of the families .
i invite one and all come, join the cleanliness campaign in this manner as well .
devote yourself with all your heart into helping others and sharing their joys and sorrows .
and therefore i say that the government has taken a lot of new initiatives in this regard, be it the initiative of education on road safety, initiative related to road engineering or of enforcement of road safety laws and the discussion on emergency care to be provided post accidents we are going to implement road transport and safety bill to adopt these safety measures in our country .
i wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country .
he fought against oppression injustice .
for any reason, if one is not able to vote, it should pain one .
the festival of lights deepawali conveys the message of tamso ma jyotirgamaya, to move from darkness to light .
in fact, politics is one of the numerous other aspects of social life .
this village is famous for sugarcane production and a kurtayi jaggery .
every month, we would read letters to the tune of lakhs, listen to phone calls, watch comments on the app mygov .
prophet mohammad sahib peace be upon him believed in twin principles of knowledge and compassion .
and also watch if the birds came or not .
if the valourous bhagwan birsa munda made us aware of our existence identity, farsighted jamsetji tata created great institutions for the country .
today as i speak about festivals and how they are linked to the economy of the poor, i want to touch upon the subject of environment as well .
but, only a few people would know that it was only through his farsightedness that sardar saheb envisioned the creation of a cooperative milk producers union in khera district, which was at that time called kaira district .
in managing the affairs of this radio station, a resident of gujarat m .
let us begin todays mann ki baat with a phone call .
go to settlements in your neighborhood, go to nearby villages, but do this in the form of a movement .
everyone, be it a common citizen, an administrator, in government offices or roads, bus stops or railways, schools or colleges, religious places, hospitals, from children to old persons, rural poor, farming women everyone is contributing something in achieving cleanliness .
we are seeing a fine momentum building up in this t20 cricket world cup .
when the player performs his best at the local level,only then, he also shines globally .
on this occasion i was fortunate to get an opportunity to inaugurate a museum dedicated to heroes who fought in indias freedom struggle .
my fellow countrymen, namaskar, many felicitations and seasons greetings to you on the occasion of christmas .
she got some money from the bank, under the mudra scheme and commenced working towards procuring some items from the market for sale .
farmers in this village have taken so many initiatives such as using sprinklers, drip irrigation techniques, water harvesting and water recharging, that today their village is strong enough to cope with the water crisis that they face .
the government, hospitals, doctors will of course do their job, but i urge that we should also be alert in ensuring that dengue doesnt enter our homes, locality, family, for that matter, any illness connected with stagnant water .
this movement has now advanced from cleanliness towards beautification .
you would be aware that for the facilities and respect that workers have earned, we are grateful to babasaheb .
a heartfelt congratulations to all my countrymen once again .
modi ji your affection made mother very happy .
and, this was not confined to having just a closed door seminar, but the importance of cleanliness was practically demonstrated at warangal in telangana .
i shall discuss with you on other books as well .
my dear countrymen, this year mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary celebrations will begin .
whether it be people from the sports world, academicians, schools, colleges, universities, farmers, workers, officers, government employees, police, or army jawans every one has got connected with this .
few days back, when i tweeted a photo of a vietnamese child doing yoga, it was such a sweet photo that it got a lot of attention from the entire world .
there should be a number of run for unity programmes in every city, every town and the weather is also such that one would enjoy running it is essential for developing a will power of steel, like that of sardar saheb .
one more problem has presented itself suppose the doctor advises that brother, take this antibiotic and he tells that 15 tablets of that to be taken over a period of five days .
and within no time, there followed a slew of innumerable inspirational stories on social media .
recently, you might have read in newspapers, that a court in mandsaur in madhya pradesh, after a brief hearing of two months, pronounced the death sentence on two criminals found guilty of raping a minor girl .
today, with nhrc operating at the national level, 26 state human rights commissions have also been constituted .
the building material needed to construct the toilets whether it was bricks or cement, the entire construction material was carried by the young men on their shoulders, spending an entire day walking in those forests .
every technology needed for online spending will definitely be available on your mobile phone .
the number of listeners are in crores out of which lakhs of people write letters to me, send messages, and get their messages recorded on phone, which is a huge treasure for me .
in a way it is the beginning of two new schemes .
i will still urge you in today's digital world and in the time of google guru, to take some time out from your daily routine and devote it to the book .
the british were naturally not happy with this and the collector continually kept denying permission .
which show the power of unity, and how big results can be achieved by working together the month of august this year has become memorable .
a day to remember those great personalities who drafted our constitution .
share openly what you are going through, with your colleagues, friends, parents, brothers, and teachers .
generally veer savarkar is renowned for his bravery and his struggle against the british raj .
but, we are now awaiting the rains .
just like diwali, it should be our own festival .
the way people have expressed their wish to know about kedar, i feel a similar effort on your part to lay emphasis on positive things, which i get to know through your expressions .
on asking how things were going on, i got to know about the impact in small towns .
i say what is wrong in it .
i hope that my farmer brothers and sisters will download the kisan suvidha app on their mobile phones .
and efforts have been made to guide the states in this direction .
in many cities, many ngos run by young friends have formed start ups for this endeavor .
isnt it a demonstration of the peoples power .
this is a record number of pilgrims post the apocalyptic events of 2013 .
she later proved herself true to her name .
grand parents, parents and children should together perform yoga and also upload their photos .
you can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this october to march .
i render my pranam to pandit ji .
there will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand adapt .
he used to mention nanajis contribution with great respect and he even went to a village to see nanajis work there .
a washerman, vegetable vendor, milk supplier, newspaper vendor, tea stall owner or a chanaa vendor, everyone can easily use this facility .
his father earns his daily bread by wastepicking .
my dear countrymen, now your views and your sentiments on mann ki baat though your letters, on mygov, on naarendramodiapp keep me constantly connected with you .
people from maharashtra, karnataka, goa, andhra pradesh, telengana have deep devotion and respect for vitthal .
what exactly should we do in order to ensure a change in our lives, simultaneously contributing our bit in taking our country society forward .
we will play a big role in the transformation of the nation, if we make a collective effort .
shriman ghanshyam kumar ji of village baraakar, district nalanda, bihar i read your comments written on the narendra modi app .
but, my countrymen, i liked this initiative taken by a newspaper that helped these letters reach me and i got an opportunity to go through these .
shriman prakash tripathi has further cited some examples .
there is a belief among the kol community in central india that their fortune is directly connected with the tigers and they firmly believe that if the tigers do not get food, the villagers will have to face hunger .
it is true that even if the most highly placed men and women relate the best possible things in the best possible words and in the best possible manner, good news has a better impact than that .
these bad habits have become a part of our nature .
in a way, this is a saving for the poor, this is his empowerment for the future .
i would especially like to congratulate and compliment all my farmer brothers and sisters for this achievement .
we should and do pay homage to the memories of our great personalities .
in the coming week, i will certainly put forward this scheme that guarantees security to the people of this country .
but, sometimes fire is caused due to carelessness .
she was born in ireland as margret elizabeth noble but swami vivekanand gave her the name nivedita .
animation films can also be made so that our young generations for whom these games played in our streets are something to marvel about, can see, play for themselves and thus bloom .
in the month of bhadra, paryushanparva is celebrated by the jain community .
he was an archer, and a pundit of gurmukhi, brajbhasha, sanskrit, persian, hindi and urdu and many other languages .
in that situation, two persons worked in right earnest and developed a dwelling structure that saves the house and its occupants, mitigates the waterlogging and can prevent water borne diseases also .
when we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired .
nandlal bose toured villages around haripura, concluding with a few works of art canvas, depicting glimpses of life in rural india .
in 2022 when india celebrates its 75 years of independence, we wish that every indian has a house of his own .
more than 12 lakh enthusiasts enjoyed the romance of football matches in various stadia across the country and boosted the morale of the young players .
the number of successful space missions attempted since the country's independence till 2014 have been equal to those successfully completed in the past four years .
you must send photographs on incredibleindia .
that will fetch such terrific results that one could have never ever imagined .
and we should express this concern on every public platform .
specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree .
nanaji deshmukh left politics and joined the gramodaya movement and while celebrating his centenary year, it is but natural to honour his contribution towards gramodaya .
and when im saying epi in place of vip, the essence of my sentiment is clear every person is important .
some countrymen shared those incidents of this year which left a special impact on their minds, a very positive one at that .
and today, in all humility, i wish to proclaim that there would not be a single soul in india who would not have unbounded love for our jawans, a sense of deep pride in the members of our security forces .
today, we often hear the name amul .
one such saint was sant ravidas .
i urge you all to be a part of this campaign .
you will surely feel proud to know that indias contribution is not limited to just peacekeeping operations but it is also providing training to peacekeepers from about eighty five countries .
the very mention of easter reminds us of the inspirational preaching of lord jesus christ which has always impressed on mankind the message of peace, harmony, justice, mercy and compassion .
he was the first indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology .
in the new india, we should transform them into symbols of cleanliness as well .
i have been noticing for the last two days that many people have uploaded pictures of the simhastha kumbh mela .
india has won gold medals in various tournaments and has been the world champion once .
people are also voicing their difficulties .
such emotions arise when we see the enormity of our nation .
i am very grateful to the countrymen .
whenever we face a torrid summer, or floods, incessant rains or unbearable cold, everybody becomes an expert, analyzing global warming and climate change .
my dear countrymen, these days you must be hearing a lot about the padma awards .
in new york people did yoga at times square .
economic prowess of villages imparts momentum to the nations economic progress .
for most people exam means pressure .
i find it a very positive sign that our common people have such attachment and awareness about rio olympics and they are insisting that the prime minister of the country says something on this matter .
please, do not do that, else your family members will be displeased with me .
like gandhiji, deen dayal upadhyayji also talked about the last person at the farthest fringes .
do not keep your gold in your homes .
what i mean to say is that the festival of lights, deepawali is becoming a festival of inspiration for the world community also to move from darkness to light .
but do refer it to others .
since its beginning about twothree months ago, this movement has had a clear impact and has been a very big success in many townships, villages and cities .
this incident exemplifies the very spirit of sportsmanship .
indian cricket teams offspin bowler r .
it gladdens me to see many places associated with illustrious sons of india being developed in delhi .
generally we dont think of coal mines as places to be visited .
in bageshwar in uttarakhand, main crops sown are mandwa, chaulai, corn or barley .
now that these municipalities have received 4 times the money, it is quite natural that poor localities and slums will get better drainage facilities, better water supply and better aanganbari system .
a few days ago, all pradhans from the villages of jammu kashmir had come to see me .
the indian football team won the gold medal at the asian games in 1951 and 1962, and came fourth in the 1956 olympics .
japan yoga niketan runs many institutes and conducts various training courses .
we celebrated eid and ganesh chaturthi too .
someone is teaching the old people .
this edition of the games was special on one more count a majority of the medalists was women athletes .
the famous particle boson has been named after satyendranath bose .
in a few hours, we reached nepal and helped people over there .
this is a great initiative to go faroff from delhi to east, and this act is called act east policy .
as a run up to each episode of mann ki baat, the expectations aspirations of listeners through their letters, online comments phone calls are crystal clear .
the festival of samvatsari is symbolic of forgiveness, nonviolence and brotherhood .
bhagwan birsa munda took on the might of the guns cannons of the british, using traditional bows and arrows, to shake them apart .
someone researching on climate change or working on ancient indian texts, someone driving a truck for livelihood, who went on to construct a gurudwara or has built a mosque wherever our people are, they have in their own way embellished or adorned the land of their adoption .
and thats why today, as i converse with you, my attention is drawn towards two mohans .
these days we see that our youth are getting increasingly inclined to the field of sports .
the government has also taken many important decisions, wherein priority has been accorded to our farmers and villages .
if you look into this incident minutely, one thing will strike you and that is the young man living in america adhering to that countrys lifestyle and ideology, who left india many years ago but, knows the finer details about his village, knows about the challenges and still is emotionally attached to his village .
and these are the people who have spent themselves in service of others .
i congratulate everyone connected with this cleanliness programme providing strength to it .
i would like to remind you one thing in advance .
if we stay alert, abide by the prescribed rules regulations, we shall not only be able to save our own lives but we can prevent catastrophes harming society .
but what i want to tell you is the fact that this time i had an opportunity to meet those great men who had devoted their young lives for society fighting shoulder to shoulder with nelson mandela for the ideals of equality and equal opportunity .
he once said, if i have to choose between freedom and cleanliness, i will choose cleanliness first and freedom later .
rakshabandhan comes in the month of august cant we start a massive movement before this festival and make every women, be it our mother or sister, a part of this, thereby giving benefit to them under this insurance program .
i want to make you aware about fitness and for a fit india, we should unite to set some goals for the country .
we think as if it is a game going on , but in actuality, this is a novel way of instilling empathy in the child's mind .
this is the true strength that drives a nation forward .
this was important because the 42nd amendment which was brought during the emergency, curtailed the powers of the supreme court and implemented provisions which stood to violate our democratic values, was struck down .
forts are symbols of our heritage .
this great man was none other than our revered dr .
i felt good to see shriman darshan ji think about sharing with others what he gained from it .
everyone is trying to ensure speedy mitigation of the sufferings people in kerala are going through, in fact sharing their pain .
there are strong emotions of widespread grief as well as anger across the country .
the clarion call of uit india was such that within five years, in 1947 the british were compelled to leave india .
i shall meet you again in the next edition of mann ki baat .
really, a tremendous work has been done .
my dear countrymen, some days ago i went to kashi and there i got a chance to spend time with my divyang brothers and sisters .
kumbh mela is also a huge medium of self discovery, where every visitor experiences a unique feeling and learns to look at the worldly things from a spiritual perspective .
in a way, they nurture a microcosm of india at their respective places .
similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others .
there are two types of waste generated, is the liquid waste and the other is dry waste .
many questions were being raised but i am happy to tell you that all the units of the government and all the banks put in tremendous effort and as per my knowledge till date close to 18 crore people have opened their bank accounts, 17 crore 74 lakh to be precise .
sardar sahebs journey started with a struggle for farmers .
i asked people who were planning to go travelling that whereever they visit incredible india, they must send photographs of those places .
sometimes they will spend 40 days on the seas in one go .
a few days ago i tried to do something different .
each newspaper and news channel has bad news for its every breaking news .
i am told this radio station also used to broadcast weekly news bulletins in english, hindi, tamil, bangla, marathi, punjabi, pashto urdu languages .
the government system will continue to work towards this but i would like to request all the parents to make their children aware of all the safety rules pertaining to driving a twowheeler or a fourwheeler the families should encourage discussion of road safety at home and create an atmosphere about the same to promote road safety .
you will witness for yourself the ensuing change .
illustrious sons of mother india, such as birsa munda have come into being in each every part of the country .
at the most, whenever there are elections, then we see advertisement all around us, they write on the walls and hoardings are put to tell that to vote is our sacred duty .
i have had the fortunate opportunity to be blessed by swamiji, many a time .
not able to find a way out, they perched themselves a top a mound inside the cave not for a day or two, but an entire 18 days .
since then, many parliamentarian friends have adopted it .
there are a large number of such persons who have brought in positive transformation in the lives of many people through endeavour at their own level .
everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water .
in my view, it means getting connected with ones own self .
using his example, we can learn how to bring more life to our own jobs .
last month our women players too won laurels .
today is the 26th of march .
you must try new places, new experiences and new skills .
you will be amazed to know that it took a journey of two days for personnel of the election commission, just to reach there .
sant ravidas proposed that if god was present in every human being, then it was not fair to categorize him on the basis of caste, creed and other sociological demarcations .
it gives us such a great happiness and a sense of pride to know that the common man in my country has such a wonderful capability .
the outcome also belongs to 125 crore indians .
lohdi is celebrated in punjab and northindia, while upbihar eagerly await for khichdi and tilsankranti .
in the entire country about 514 centers have facilities for testing dengue cases absolutely free of cost .
a 24x7 helpline facility is also available its number is 1800 114 770 .
during the past few days, the cashless transactions, or cashless trading has increased by 200 to 300 .
your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings .
why should it not have the national emblem of our country .
mann ki baat, august 2018 .
on january 20th, 2018, this sanitation campaign continued in the same vein and ive been told that this campaign will continue every saturday morning till the morna river is completely cleaned .
if during the course of this event sanitation prevails along with reverence, then it will lead to a positive message reaching far and wide .
i once again wish you all the very best on this auspicious festival of diwali .
its possible that many poets would have written poems, some may be planning to write, some may even compose their verses into songs, in all languages but here i would like to share with you the poem sent by suraj ji .
in the beginning, when suggestions came in response to a certain episode of mann ki baat , one could discern words of advice, and you could read them too, so our team always felt that many people might have had this particular habit of proffering advice .
but even in such a situation, sometimes good things also take place which create a sense of satisfaction in the mind .
my dear countrymen, you will remember, that on 15 august, i had in my address said from the ramparts of red fort that by 2022, you should visit 15 tourist destinations in india .
bhagini nivedita ji also helped the great scientist jagdish chandra basu .
waste to wealth should also be one of its components .
the practice of yoga leads to building up of courage, which always protects us like a father .
i am very excited about my britain trip this time .
a few years ago, we were with great difficulty at a figure half of what we have at present .
also, his mantra swaraj, that is, freedom is my birthright should have the main focus thereby strengthening the freedom movement .
free from filth and poverty .
he has banished the darkness from their lives .
can 125 crore countrymen resolve to undertake 2500 crores digital transactions during this year .
the heat that we used to experience in months of mayjune in our country is being felt in marchapril this year .
compared to the world, we still have a large number of tb patients .
almost all the countries in the world made yoga day their own .
i extend my heartiest greetings to you all, until the next episode of mann ki baat, when i shall share my thoughts with you once again .
it has come to our notice that if a muslim woman wants to go on haj pilgrimage, she must have a mehram or a male guardian, otherwise she cannot travel .
i urge you to participate in run for unity, the festival of mutual harmony .
you may be aware of the fact that inside red fort, many chambers and structures lay locked unused for several decades after independence .
his zeal is commendable, but above all is the fact that an innocent man had to face such a predicament, his youth is in danger yet he harbors no grudge and no anger .
one must strive to avoid accidents first but it is also important for us to see from the perspective that each and every soul, each and every life is precious .
however, it has been put into practice by d .
i congratulate all the state governments and the village heads they have gone about these programmes in a very novel way for the welfare of villages, for the development of villages and for the strengthening of democracy .
my dear countrymen, all of us made a resolve on bapus birth anniversary on october 2, 2014 to take forward bapus unfinished task of building a clean india and a filth free india .
a number of initiatives were taken to grant them loans under mudra yojana .
wallet simply means an epurse .
we always feel the contribution of our teachers in our lives .
to tell you the truth, i have no such secret .
though he continues to be a driver, in a way, he has now become an ambassador for this scheme .
andhra pradesh, gujarat and kerala will achieve very soon cent percent odf targets .
for other countries of the world, a century may be of immense significance .
even in films, a lot is exhibited regarding its grandeur and magnificence and most truly so, the dimensions ofkumbh are vast supremely divine, as much magnificent .
my dear countrymen, on the 5th of june, our nation, india will officially host the world environment day celebrations .
whether working in the field of cyber security, or dedicated to ayurveda, entertaining the society through music, or through poetry .
cant a little emphasis be given on this aspect in skill development .
in honour of sardarvallabhbhai patel who bonded the entire country around a common thread of unity, india witnessed the coming up of the tallest statue in the world, statue of unity .
31 october happens to be the birth anniversary of sardar sahib, i shall dwell upon his birth anniversary in detail in the next episode of mann ki baat but today i want to mention that for the past few years, the occasion of sardar sahibs birth anniversary on october 31 is marked in every small town and district by organizing the 'run for unity' race .
whereas, she haggled for a long time, over merely five rupees, with the auto driver, who took us to the mall .
twentyfour teams from all over the world will be making india their home .
state governments too should deliberate on this matter and provide their suggestions .
on the snow capped mountain peaks of ladakh, indian and chinese soldiers performed yoga in unison .
be it providing insurance cover to citizens or providing them banking facilities, be it the ease of doing business in the world horizon or making facilities available for new businesses, we have done it all .
for the last 80 days, he was moving ahead in south indian ocean to participate in the golden globe race maintaining his speed but suddenly a severe cyclonic storm landed him in trouble .
i was very happy to hear that people not only listen to mann ki baat but also remember it on many occasions .
you will be pleased to know that in this programme, malaysia, new ealand, switzerland, portugal, mauritius, fiji, tanzania, kenya, canada, britain, surinam, south africa and america, and many other countries wherever our mayors or mps of indian origin exist, all of them participated .
so, not only india but all humanitarian forces will have to keep fighting unitedly to defeat the menace of terrorism .
making politics an all pervasive, powerful factor is not an effective way for a healthy society .
for the last one month, environmentally conscious citizens have constantly written letters to me .
huge social reforms can be brought about through mass movements .
government of india has also chalked out an annual calendar for its departments .
my dear fellow citizens, my heartiest best wishes to you all .
but if we change our outlook and our perspective towards them, then these people can inspire us to live they can inspire us to do a lot .
or gurgaons divyang angel anushka panda, who suffers from a hereditary disorder called spinal muscular atrophy .
the young generation, in particular, is getting habituated to digital payments through its mobile handsets .
it is our responsibility to follow the path of equality and brotherhood as morals from his life .
my experience of mann ki baat made me realize that the thinking of our ancestors was very powerful and had great authenticity in them as i have myself experienced them .
so, this is our achievement in 2017 .
in their lead story, they had depicted a map of india .
those who know the soil conditions of rajasthan would know how mammoth this task is going to be .
recently, i was told by some of our party workers that a few young doctors in the town set up camps offering free treatment for the underprivileged .
sometimes someone expresses pity and sympathy .
during his life spanning a hundred and eleven years, he strived tirelessly towards the social, educational and economic upliftment of thousands of people .
issues such as cleanliness, road safety, drugs free india, selfie with daughter have been taken up by the media and turn into campaigns .
be it 26, alipur road, associated with babasaheb ambedkar, or the sardar patel museum or the kranti mandir .
mann ki baat, march 2018 .
as soon as the people in our country and abroad heard of the demise of atalji on 16th august, everyone drowned in sadness .
photos of such magnificent places were uploaded that it was truly a delight to view them .
people of west india may not be knowing what all is there in the east .
his naval forces were very efficient and skilled in attacking the enemy and in defending their attacks .
school children, college students, ncc, nss, youth organisations, media groups, the corporate world, all of them offered voluntary cleanliness service on a large scale .
we have to scale greater heights of development for the sake of our future generations .
you have urged one and all to retain and keep aside some water for birds animals, during summer time .
i will keep on waiting for your suggestions .
leave aside natural disasters most of the mishaps are a consequence of some mistake or the other on our part .
in 1921, in the congress session in ahmedabad, thousands of delegates from across the country were slated to participate .
he knew very well that making india a hub of science, technology and industry was imperative for her future .
and on 15thaugust 1947 india became independent .
my dear countrymen, when development becomes a mass movement, a big transformation takes place .
and every technology, every new form of science gives birth to a new era .
dear countrymen, greetings to you for a happy new year 2016 .
on the 5th of may, india will launch the south asia satellite .
blossoming of bright red jungle flame flowers, better known as tesu or palash heralds the advent of holi .
i also convey my wishes to all the teams from around the world coming to participate in the tournament .
like anjan prakash in jharkhand, many lakhs of young besides running the yuva jan aushidhi kendras in the country are providing affordable medicines in the nearby villages .
it is the factoring in of this outreach that will create a new india .
there must hardly be a major world leader who has not discussed yoga with me and this has been my experience all over the world .
everyone has become so busy with technology in his or her own way .
attempting to know the universe, the laws of nature, the inner recesses of the human mind is an unending process .
in the era of 40s, while most of the discussions were centred around the second world war, the looming cold war and the partition it was during those times dr .
a person called ravi has written to me good news everyday he writes please ask your officials to post about one good incident every day .
i have seen that small children of the family do this very enthusiastically .
lakhs of tweets were posted on positive india hashtag , which reached out to more than nearly 150 crore people .
lead this movement .
i extend my hearty felicitations to such villagers for their fine work .
student from aligarh had come to meet me .
this time in 'khelo india', participants from every state have performed well at their individual level .
the task for erecting a memorial for baba sahib ambedkar in the indu mill compounds had been stuck for long .
we shall now have to look for technological solutions for these .
what should be the logo for gandhi 150 .
shriman rajan bhatt has written on narendramodiapp that he wants to know about my experience of celebrating diwali with security forces and he also wants to know how the security forces celebrate diwali .
this is the centenary year of nanaji and deen dayal ji .
not only the tiger population in india was doubled, but the number of protected areas and community reserves has also increased .
and one after the other, ancillary services like transport, lodging, guides and ecofriendly services are getting inducted by themselves .
the medium of mann ki baat has promoted many a mass revolution .
vijayan initiated a programme punyam poonkavanam and commenced a voluntary campaign of creating awareness on cleanliness .
keeping in view these issues, in the last few months, the government of india has launched a new campaign prime minister safe motherhood campaign .
ten rupees will be credited to your account from the government .
we will have to shift our priority from literacy campaign to good education .
awareness is now seen in many villages .
today, i want to narrate the story of a sarpanch in the 'mann ki baat' programme .
there must be numerous daughters amongst us who, through there perseverance, diligence and talent have brought glory to their families, society and the country .
i am often worried by this thought that we speak to the youth of our nation and ask about their dream job, only one out of 100 would express their interest in becoming a scientist .
we are trying to provide a smoke free life to 5 crore such families and we are successfully advancing in that direction .
on the 19th of may, sangeeta bahal, aged more than 50, scaled the everest .
as a consequence of the pulwama terror attack and the sacrifice of the brave jawans, people across the country are agonized and enraged .
have you ever thought about how much food we waste .
the project to clean ganga cannot be successful without mass participation by the people so we all will have to become agents of change to achieve cleanliness .
we are seeking the full cooperation of all the states through which ganga flows .
it is celebrated in different states in different forms .
they organise debates on topics of public interest, and hold essay competitions and rangoli competitions .
i read those letters and liked the initiative .
but sometimes, when the rain unleashes full force of its fury, we come to realise the extent of the destructive might of water .
there are so many skills to develop our personality .
you also connect actively with this programme .
this ongoing movement of thoughts, the environment thats building against filth, there has been an awareness towards cleanliness .
it will be your contribution towards making of a digital india .
last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my mann ki baat .
mann ki baat, december 2018 .
this is in a way a humorous suggestion .
my dear countrymen, today as we refer to netaji subhash chandra bose, that too in mann ki baat, i would like to share with you an incident from netajis life .
people of warli community in maharashtra consider tigers as their guests and for them the presence of tigers is a good omen indicating prosperity .
what are the kinds of suggestions, what are the kinds of complaints and what are the experiences of the people .
the youth have got employment this way .
i cannot do everything alone by myself .
in 2017, the death toll on account of heat wave remarkably came down to around 220 or so .
vedas, describe the earth and the environment as the basic sources of energy .
fifa under 17 world cup is being organized in our country .
these studies are being carried out in aiims too and the results that have emerged so far are very encouraging .
this time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence .
and she was looking at me and mockingly, saying, look at my house .
in china, yoga was practiced on the great wall of china, and on the world heritage site of machu picchu in peru, at 2400 metres above sea level in france, yoga was performed in the vicinity of the eiffel tower .
so the first solution is that the brothers and sisters engaged in agriculture need to be trained .
i would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the ndrf daredevils .
you will see how a tradition becomes your habit .
myriad competitions take place all over the country .
if we talk of rural india, so far 2 crore 48 lakh or say about two and a half crore toilets have been constructed and we intend to build another one and a half crore toilets in the coming one year .
it is an ecosystem which is home to rare species like the snow leopard and rare animals like ibex and brown bears .
dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country .
the people engaged in small enterprises give strength to the nations economy .
may the lives of all these great luminaries inspire us, and give us the strength to resolve ourselves to the cause of new india .
the distinction of having the world's highest statue fills every indian with pride .
field marshal manekshaw has mentioned how in a meeting, sardar vallabhbhai patel was irked on the delay in sending troops to kashmir during the proceedings, sardar patel gave him a characteristic glance and reiterated that there should be no delay in our army operation and that a solution should be sought swiftly .
at this summit, a resolution was taken expressing concern about the dwindling tiger population in the world .
one attribute has always been part parcel of mahatma gandhis being and that was his sense of service and the sense of duty towards it .
secondly i had mentioned about skill acquisition, dont you feel that you should learn something new .
he said , never ask a saint his caste or creed .
reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed india, i along with all of you pay tributes to atalji .
i have observed and sometimes think that the citizens of our country are more aware and active than me .
i liked it .
the signs that the future of football is very bright have started to appear .
i also appeal to the corporate sector to come out with ways means proactively for appropriate disposal of all accumulated plastic .
true to its name, they brought glory to the country with their brave deed of conquering the everest .
all of us with all our might must try to get rid of plastics from our home and everywhere outside our houses and i know that all these campaigns will make a big splash on social media .
and if you think that after appearing in all exams, at a new threshold of your career you will learn some new skill, then you wont get a chance .
the country needs more than 2 5 lakh kidneys, hearts and livers for donation per year .
people prefer homemade rakhis these days .
mann ki baat has provided me with a unique opportunity to get connected with various feelings and positive energy of the country emotions of our people which include their desires, expectations and at times, even grievances, which come to their minds .
i laud the efforts of the district administration which has played a significant role in the successful endeavour of these women by ensuring availability of grants imparting training to them .
today, as we speak of women empowerment, i would like to refer to a railway station .
my dear countrymen, right from the beginning since i have started the programme mann ki baat, i have been receiving a lot of suggestions on one issue, and in most of those, people have expressed concern about food wastage .
it will be a very interesting campaign for everyone children, the elderly, the young and women and it will be your own movement .
revered bapu had also remarked, i have nothing but praise for the zeal, industry and sacrifice that have animated the modern scientists in the pursuit after truth .
now this itbp jawan of ours was in his village on holidays from his duty .
an injury can also occur .
but dont you think that we should enter into the year 2018, remembering the positive events, to do some good .
and notably, it is not limited to indian communities .
i have come across a nice story in the newspaper and i would like to narrate it with the fellow citizens .
they suffered despicable miseries and that is how we can now breathe in a free india .
for me, every single voice in the nation is important but most important to me is the voice of the farmer .
however, it is also a fact that if we look closely, we shall find that despite missing medals, indian players gave a very good account of themselves for the first time in some of the events .
prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during ramzan .
our coast guard women officers are pilots, work as observers, and not just that, they command hovercrafts as well .
cleanliness survey 2018, the largest in the world, will be conducted from the 4th of january to 10th of march, 2018 to evaluate achievements in cleanliness level of our urban areas .
these festivals, from the point of view of organization, event management and peoples participation, set new and high standards .
many times while conversing with you, reading your letters or listening to your thoughts sent on the phone, i feel that you have adopted me as part of your family .
but, a young man from our country has initiated a very unique campaign .
there are times when one has to face an illness that leaves a scar for a lifetime .
we watch the advertisement on tv but do not pay attention .
the world cup was successfully organized and all the teams performed their best .
i was really very impressed .
my dear countrymen, the 31st of october, 2018, is the day when the 'statue of unity',in memory of sardar saheb was dedicated to the nation and the world .
the flower heads of the summer fruit mango manifest themselves in the spring season itself .
i have announced setting up of a committee .
i am also worried that technology evolved to reduce the distance, technology came in to being to end the boundaries .
when we move ahead in the national interest, a change in the lives of the poor, the backward, the exploited and the deprived ones can also be brought about .
how do we need to adopt their traditions in our lives for achieving sustainable development and learn from those traditions .
it must be our endeavour to ensure that we should welcomingly include people of other states, other countries when we celebrate holi, diwali, onam, pongal or bihu, spreading their true spirit .
the bio diversity of both the nations is similar .
this effort of his resulted in saving of money as well as of resources .
on television, we witness just one aspect of monsoon floods everywhere, water logging and traffic jam .
in the cricket series against england, india has triumphed 40 .
this time 19 athletes, including three women, took part in paralympics from our country .
i urge all of you to share these traditional methods of water conservation .
i have the faith that you will definitely continue operating the bank accounts .
manika batra won a medal in each of the events that she competed in .
but when you present a book, it becomes a part of the household, a part of the family .
later, all countries started sending their women police units .
after 50 years of tilak's birth, on the same day i .
people are even giving donations for this .
now that we are talking about health, 7th april is world health day .
you will feel much lighter .
anjum has proved that however adverse the circumstances be, the clouds of despair and disappointment can easily be cleared by taking positive steps .
and today, as i speak on the rio olympics, i would like to mention the name of a poetry lover, suraj prakash upadhyay a student of the punjab central university, who has sent me a poem .
can artificial intelligence be used as tool to simplify the outreach of health services and modernize medical treatment .
my dear countrymen, i must express my gratitude to you and to the people of the world for one more thing .
schemes like, pradhan mantri jeewan jyoti bimayojna, pradhan mantri suraksha bimayojna, with a small premium of one rupee or thirty rupees, are giving a new sense of confidence to the poor .
every section of the society including celebrities joined in to ignite a process of transformation in a new modern language of change that the present generation understands and follows .
and when the people of france chose river seine and eiffel tower in which they take pride to do yoga, they gave an equal status to it as river siene and eifel tower .
lopamudra, gargi, maitreyee be it the learning devotion of akka mahadevi or meerabai, be it the governance of ahilyabai holkar or the valour of rani lakshmibai, woman power has always inspired us they have always brought glory to the nation .
now, when you keep your gold in the bank, the bank will give you money as interest .
i suggested that the saarc nations should come together for a joint exercise on disaster preparedness .
and he found that some of the families were unable to construct toilets due to lack of funds .
our saints have conveyed the message of goodwill, equality and social empowerment through their thoughts and deeds .
on this 26th january let us make an effort that we will respect such great men and keep the premises clean .
india had earlier won the asia cup in hockey in the years 2003 and 2007 .
we also have to run for unity in order to promote the mantra of unity .
many thanks to all of you .
there is a lot of talk about duties during elections, but why not discuss our duties in general life too .
safety is of two kinds one is safety during disasters and the other is safety in everyday life .
the president and vice president also explicitly expressed their displeasure .
heartiest congratulation to you .
it conveys to us that there is no dearth of inner fortitude, strength talent within our countrymen .
ashwin has been declared cricketer of the year as well as best test cricketer by the icc for the year 2016 .
he served farmers in champaran who were being discriminated against .
26th january, our republic day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us .
weaving a common thread comprising them all into a fabric of informal conversation, we have been able to travel together, over this rather long distance of 50 episodes .
he has written i was very much distressed after the uri attack and strongly felt like doing something .
not only this, our sikkim outperformed 51 nominated policies of 25 countries to win this award .
i firmly believe that governments must be accountable in democracy and the public at large must be provided with report card of works done .
in a way, entire villages have grasped this opportunity as collective responsibility .
and the i gets an opportunity to transform into a we .
in a small country like singapore, programs were organised in 70 places, with a week long campaign .
his paintings have been on display in european countries, in russia and in america .
besides this, there is another fact pertaining to these elections, that swells our hearts with pride .
there is no part of india from which i did not receive a phone call .
this step will prove to be the one to move forward our march towards achieving the goal of social justice .
the villages should be provided with all the facilities that are available in the cities .
i felt the need for greater coordination .
what can be a bigger tribute than taking a vow that we shall tread the path of bapu and walk, as far as possible .
i received a letter recently which touched my heart .
in a remote place in gir forest, there is a polling booth for a sole voter .
shyama prasad mukherjee contributed significantly .
it has its own benefits .
i went to the school, the foundation of which had been laid by none other than respected baba saheb himself .
we can emerge and take our place in the world as a new modern india within a period of one month .
a big cleanliness drive was conducted there .
may our neighbouring countries be with us in our journey, may they develop equally .
for this is a tale of heroism, a tale of personal experiences, and i would be happy to bring you the stories of these daughters .
my dear countrymen, on august 15, as the nations pradhan sewak, i get an opportunity to communicate with the country from the ramparts of the red fort .
on 2nd march the entire country immersed in joy will celebrate the festival of holi .
he appealed to the people to rise above divisions of religion caste and make knowledge wisdom the sole basis of recognition .
there the people are poor and the area is malaria infested .
i am very excited to welcome them and feel extremely happy .
the government is running many schemes .
but india was lacking full capacity utilization .
i was reading your comments on narendramodi app and mygov and i saw that many people have written a lot about the prevailing water problem .
this is the most valuable capital and enormous strength for any country .
i have experienced this .
my dear countrymen, namaskar .
and what was the objective .
why not learn them .
the festival of rakshabandhan symbolizes the bond of love trust between a brother a sister .
one can only imagine the predicament of these teenagers in the face of death, where every second was fraught with danger on the one hand they were struggling against all odds .
the smiles thus accrued on the faces of numerous underprivileged families will more than double your joy during festivals your faces will be lit up with a glow that will brighten your diwali immensely .
odisha has a dignified historical background and has a very rich cultural tradition .
english, hindi, bengali, marathi punjabi, pashto, urdu, he used to run the radio in all these languages .
a few days ago sikkim won the prestigious future policy gold award, 2018 for encouraging the sustainable food system .
this is an exemplary glimpse of the feeling of positivity, innate to our countrymen .
he feels that our youth are physically weak, compared to those of other asian countries .
we will have another opportunity to talk a lot .
under jan dhan yojana, crores of poor families in india have rupay cards used scarcely earlier, after 8th november the poor people have started using rupay cards and this usage has seen almost 300 surge .
the asian games are going on .
now, this is the responsibility of all of us to make a new india in the light of the thinking of the makers of our constitution .
it was matter of great intrigue to me to see a lone tea seller in a remote, snow clad hilly place, who possibly kept listening to the radio the entire day .
these efforts were also driven with hard work in their different ways .
it will include people from all walks of life, from every segment of our society .
efforts are on to connect local village mandis to wholesale market and then on with the global market .
ekta bhyan, another daughter of the country, in response to my letter, has emailed me from indonesia, where she is now preparing for the asian games .
just recently, someone gave me a book entitled premchand ki lokapriya kahaniyan, popular short stories by premchand .
just last week, i had a chance of meeting some daughters of jammu kashmir .
recently, i had the opportunity to read a letter, which i feel, i should share with you .
erected on the banks of river narmada in gujarat, the structure is twice the height of the statue of liberty .
with their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region .
i am fortunate enough to have learned a few languages, but still there are so many languages that i could not learn .
just a few days ago, ambassadors of approximately eightyfive countries went to amritsar from delhi .
this is the only time to make something of your life .
for this, i would like to say that we have to strengthen the foundation laid by dr baba saheb .
the honourable president of india shri pranab mukherjee inaugurated a new radio channel named akashvani maitree channel at kolkata .
this year we organized a program on pravasi bharatiya divas, where all mps and mayors of indian origin were invited .
i invited my countrymen to join the sandesh to soldiers campaign .
he chose a different path for himself a path of serving the people .
the world has accepted this .
all banks are engaged in this and are doing their best .
see, these are the pathways leading towards change .
this award would be bestowed on those organizations around the world, whose significant and unique contributions in the promotion of yoga you cannot even imagine .
the transplant was successful a life was saved .
there will be novel opportunities for newer jobs linked to waste collection, transportation, biogas sales etc .
the idea is very good but i will have to think .
earlier it was said that by the touch of philosopher's stone, iron could be transmuted in to gold .
the world will definitely make a study of it .
across the country, central government, state governments, all units of the local self government institutions, one lakh thirty thousand bank branches, lakhs of bank employees, over one and a half lakh post offices, over a lakh bankmitras are relentlessly at work, day and night, with complete dedication .
rajasthan, desert area, has celebrated van mahotsav in a very big way and pledged to plant 25 lakhs trees .
of course, the inner wish to visit the statue of unity will come naturally to every indian .
and that is why the government too has taken steps to attract the new generation toward science and research innovation in the field of technology .
our mother india is a land full of gems and treasures and the tradition of these great saints that adorned our land are at the same level as the great men who dedicated and sacrificed their lives for our mother india .
i felicitate all such citizens involved in these kinds of activities and especially congratulate friends from aligarh .
ministry of human resource development, govt of india has initiated a national discovery campaign .
in this endeavour, he stood to lose a lot on his personal front .
for most of his life, his work was centred in north india and he sacrificed his life in nanded, maharashtra .
all the pradhans, collectors, parliamentarians of villages adopted under adarsh gram, the representatives of indian government and state government, all had an indepth discussion on this program .
you must have heard a lot about kumbh .
the motto of coast guard is vayam rakshaamaha .
it is believed that the rationale behind this tradition is that, it destroys his ego that proves to be an impediment in ones path of progress .
we all belong to the middle class and happy comfortable families .
this faith and hope of the common people is going to ensure success in the cleaning of ganga .
do something out of the box, my friends .
in, through letters and akashvani .
i was recently told that in ahmednagar district of maharashtra, the hivrebazaar gram panchayat and its villagers have addressed the problem of water shortage by treating it as a major and delicate issue .
this is the very bond that i used to miss .
we remembered that surgical strike carried out in 2016, where our soldiers gave a befitting reply to the audacity of a proxy war under the garb of terrorism .
sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an officials zeal .
not many people would be aware that in our coast guard, not just men, but women too are discharging their duties and responsibilities shoulder to shoulder, and most successfully .
but at the same time, dont you feel that after youve attended such summer camps, you have participated in the courses for development of personality and you reach out to those people who have no such opportunity and teach them what you have learned without taking any money .
my greetings to everybody on this auspicious occasion of new year .
my dear countrymen, on 1st february 2017, indian coast guard is completing 40 years .
some of them chose the snow clad mountainous terrain of siachen for the same .
over the past month, more than 50 lakh toilets have participated in this unique contest .
let us turn this vacation into a learning opportunity, for a totally new experience .
exquisite works of great artists such as amrita shergill, raja ravi verma, avanindranath tagore, gaganendranath tagore, nandalal bose, jamini roy, sailoz mukherjee have been exhibited .
but, you must be aware that during the 1965war, lal bahadur shastri ji was leading us and then also similar feelings of rage, anger and patriotic fervour were sweeping the nation .
yogesh saini is an engineer who left his job in america and returned to serve mother india .
just as diabetes can be the root cause of all sorts of diseases, depression too, destroys all our abilities to sustain, to fight, to display courage and to take a decision .
once again i pay my homage to a great leader like him .
and, no one can do this better than you .
prakash rao .
at the outset, i express my gratitude to lakhs of citizens of our country for sending in a multitude of suggestions when i ask for them before mann ki baat .
today, you can see ganesh pandals in almost every street of various cities .
my dear countrymen, while talking about the constituent assembly, the contribution of that great man cannot be forgotten who played a pivotal role in the constituent assembly .
she has vowed to send her only son to join the crpf .
to understand the virtues of patriotism, sacrifice and perseverance, one doesnt need to revert to historical events .
a large number of foreign and domestic tourists travel across the country people also travel to celebrate christmas vacations .
her father is a labourer and mother a fishseller .
my dear countrymen, we had launched swachha bharat mission two years ago on 2nd october, the birth anniversary of our revered bapu .
for india, 11th of november this year has a special significance because on 11th november a hundred years back the world war i had ended .
i have received one suggestion and i compliment the gentleman who has made this creative suggestion .
the britishers not only made us slaves but they tried to enslave us mentally as well .
they have shared their vacation plans .
i did this and enjoyed it and in this way i made friends with a lot of birds .
but swati mahadik, the wife of martyr colonel santosh mahadik resolved to face the difficult situations and she joined the indian army .
shri prakash tripathi reminiscing about the emergency, has written, presenting 25thof june as a dark period in the history of democracy .
you can write essays in various languages and there is no age limit .
for me, 5th september was teachers day as well as an education day .
once again, i express my gratitude to our little friend, student aleena taayang from arunachal .
my farmer brothers and sisters deserve special gratitude for the way they wholeheartedly accepted my request, my prayer and put in their hard labour to get a record production of pulses .
a section of our brave soldiers did yoga in submarines .
the moment rajani won the medal she rushed to a nearby milk stall drank a glass of milk .
we know that at home and at feasts and social gatherings, we tend to serve ourselves more food than we need .
more information about sending in monetary contributions can be had on kbs .
yes, we can go forward, the country can take great strides .
have you ever thought of creating an atmosphere of joy and laughter for children during exams .
give a missed call on this number whenever it is convenient for you even if you wish to listen to any previous episode of mann ki baat, you can listen to it in the language of your choice .
thank you very much for your phone call .
we have also seen such teachers who care more for their pupils than for themselves .
sound bite my name is meenu bhatia .
aapada mitra, or friends during disaster were identified at various places and these were then trained in the dos and donts volunteers were enlisted, and a peoples organisation set up to work in this situation .
this proves that when humanity stands together, it creates wonders .
i congratulate all the states and union territories, who have promoted this campaign in their own way .
rio is going to resound in our ears time and again .
and witness for ourselves, how we can play an important role in making mahatma gandhi's dream come alive .
and those who are health conscious always say that, there should always be some space left both in the stomach and on the plate .
it was here, that he had displayed a great deal of determination for justice .
in was launched a few months after our government was formed .
india clinched the maximum number of medals in shooting .
and therefore my opinion is that exams are like a festival and, hence, must be celebrated .
if there is a topic related to yoga, then can indians lag behind others .
they rent the lantern for rs 100 per month .
according to vedas, the purity within us is because of the earth .
the year 2017 has been special for both asean and india .
i was supposed to attend it, but could not make it, because of severe floods in chennai and other areas of tamil nadu .
who can forget bhagwan birsa munda who struggled hard against the british empire to save their own forest land .
the empathy within you will begin to appear .
but if we are aware, alert and active, the prevention is also very easy .
but our lifestyle has changed .
i became aware of very minute problems associated with governance i would like to congratulate akashwani for not treating these suggestions as mere bits of paper but considered them as expectations of the people .
once while i was going through your comments, i came across an interesting point by atish mukhopadhyay ji .
there are thousands like me who draw inspiration from him .
we know that jawans of our armed forces are the vanguards of rescue relief operations in kerala .
these works may seem small but have a very deep impact in changing our thinking and in giving a new direction to the society .
my dear countrymen there are many among us who were born after independence .
your suggestions are always welcome .
guests from the bridegrooms side also gracefully accepted it as their ceremonial welcome .
i specially want to talk to our young friends today .
like every year, this diwali too, i had gone to the border, to the china border, to celebrate the occasion with our soldiers, our jawans .
whoever i meet or wherever there is a chance to talk, the focus is on wildlife, discussions about the environment, the tiger, the asiatic lion, evolution etc .
coincidentally, i am fortunate today to be in auroville, the land, the karmabhoomi of maharshi arvind .
this day marks the birth anniversary of the iron man of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel, the unifying force in bonding us as a nation .
ways and means to connect with the people and lending hues of freedom to their day to day work were taught .
after our government was formed, the doner department took an important decision of not staying in delhi and working from centre for the northeast regions .
in every moment of his life, the message of love, sacrifice peace was palpable .
just as there is a prepaid card for mobile phones, prepaid cards are also available in banks to facilitate expenditure .
and therefore, we can observe that the world has in its own way accepted the significance of the car festival of lord jagannath, the rath yatra .
we shall carry forward this struggle to free our country from the evils of corruption and black money .
i respectfully bow to harivansh rai ji .
this is a significant, cutting edge competency in the arena of security .
this country can never forget their sacrifice .
every parent started feeling that they should take a selfie with their daughter .
carrying medical services to fiji, sending urgent relief, or delivering humanitarian aid during crisis to a neighbouring country our navy has always rendered glorious service .
i have found that it brings about a transformation in the life of the havenots .
this will also forbid criminals from indulging in atrocities and will instill confidence among the dalit communities .
so, all of us should make the effort to ensure football reaches every village, street and alley .
if we were to do this, the quality of the soil in our fields would improve and the capacity of ponds to store water would increase .
dear young friends, today i urge you to undergo a special internship .
but with mann ki baat whatever i was taught, whatever i was explained and the experiences i had, made me realize that the power of the people is limitless and it far exceeds our thinking .
there are several ways of keeping the smallest thing in the household clean by using pure water .
but we have to make efforts to cleanse it out of our minds .
such an environment was created that every father wished to click a selfie of himself with his daughter and post it on the social media .
collective yoga festivals should be celebrated with the participation of millions .
the sensitivity of a young lad, his unsullied love for his grandmother, such maturity at that early age .
initially we were not aware of the damage we did it because the others did it .
yesterday was the festival of onam we pray for onam to provide strength to the country, especially kerala so that it returns to normalcy on a newer journey of development .
on this yoga day, since this was the third international day of yoga, i had asked you to share photos of three generations of the family doing yoga together .
a gentleman shriman shashikant bhonsale, sharing his photo by the swimming pool, has written, my weapon is my body, my element is water, my world is swimming .
this digital movement is a golden opportunity for our youth .
so that is the reason why kerala is on the verge of being declared free from open defecation .
where the youth between 18 and 25 could sit together and brain storm about new india, find ways and chalk our plans .
his contribution in giving a unified texture to the nation is without parallel .
this is unprecedented in india's history .
in todays mann ki baat, i want to talk about another important work of revered bapu which maximum countrymen should know .
it is becoming self reliant .
mann ki baat, february 2019 .
last month a workshop was organized in bhopal .
this invaluable artwork was a high point of discourse at venice .
what are the hopes and aspirations of the common man in the country .
people of all age groups have sent messages .
i just take half an hour of your time in a month but people keep sending suggestions, ideas and other material over mann ki baat during all 30 days of the month .
if we have to develop the next generation innovators, we shall have to link our children with it .
from the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with yoga .
this incident too is directly related to sardar vallabhbhai patel .
there is generation of renewed energy all around us .
crores of rupees were spent on it but we did not know if it reached the right people or not .
it does not trample the dreams of a family and waste the lives of our children .
on the other hand, it led to a major rise in the sale of khadi .
i replied in the negative .
people are sharing videos of fitness challenge on social media they are tagging each other to spread the challenge .
thousands of our innocent people have lost their lives .
actually, when we refer to sardar patels endeavour, his role in the unification of just a few notable states is discussed .
arvind rao from telangana, and many others have written to me on narendra modi app and mygov, urging me to speak on chandrayaan ii in mann ki baat .
i needed to take a bank loan which i got very easily and my daughter was able to continue her studies .
we celebrated quite a few festivals in the days gone by .
my dear countrymen, let me mention once again, that this season of rains, with its abundance of festivals and festivities, brings with it a unique new feeling of the times .
the history of india's struggle for independence is very long, very vast and is filled with countless sacrifices .
hence, some positive efforts need to be made .
just a while ago, bihar launched an interesting initiative .
it is a difficult task, but we have to do it .
you must be knowing that, recently the ecigarette got banned in india .
it is during this period that days begin to lengthen and the winter harvesting of our crops begins .
starting with just 15 children from the slums near geeta colony in new delhi it is now being run at 12 places and two thousand children have been brought under its fold .
he has been making toys from garbage for over four decades so that children can increase their curiosity towards science .
and, i have seen that people closely follow as to what modi does, where does modi go, what all has modi done .
i inaugrated the integrated command control center at the kumbh which will be of great benefit to the devotees .
bhavesh deka from guwahati has written to me on the northeast related issues and problems .
do not do anything that may bring the names of the poor on record for wrong reasons and land my dear poor people into trouble during the investigation later on account of your foul deeds .
in a way, the complete food chain is connected to soil .
my dear countrymen, the month of august is the month of revolution .
what is your government doing to ensure that abdul kalamjis dreams come true .
can we join hands in one endeavour .
rabindra nath was a personality full of talent, a multi directional personna but a teacher in his inner self can always be felt .
there are some mountaineers who have shown that apart from possessing skills, they are sensitive too .
i suggest to all of you that of all the 510 positive things that you might have heard, seen or would have had experienced were to be disseminated, so that other people would get to know of them and this would lead to a spirit of benevolence .
in recent times, lucky graahak yojana and digidhan vyapari yojana have received overwhelming support .
a book has been compiled on these women achievers, first ladies, so that, the entire country comes to know about the power of these women and derive inspiration from their life work .
if i reply to the question asked by you straightaway then i will say that i do not make any preparation .
a festive atmosphere regarding cleanliness got geared up .
people from across the country, such as sanjiv haripura from jodhpur, rajasthan, mahendra kumar daga from kolkata, p .
i can say that it was both inspiring and educative experience for me .
similarly, innovations are directly connected to incubation centres .
it is true that festivals express the vitality of a society .
both states have made constant strides to scale newer heights of development and have contributed toward the advancement of the country .
they are also completely unaware of its danger and for this reason sometimes ecigarettessneak into the house out of sheer curiosity .
some wrote poems, some drew pictures, a few created cartoons, others made videos .
this conviction is important .
there was a lot of enthusiasm among the players and the spectators .
and they themselves worked hard to construct toilets in that village, thus achieving the goal of making a remote village in faraway forests open defecation free .
and, therefore, i will just reiterate to you, my countrymen, what i had said that very day, that the guilty will certainly be punished .
many other young people of our country will definitely visit your website and look closely at your work and will also be inspired by how they can be of use in different areas of the social milieu in their area .
this gives me immense pleasure .
lets see whether i succeed or not .
yes, yes, yes i repeat that i need your help and i am very sure that millions of young people of our country will accomplish this tremendous task .
i am particularly inspired by bhagat singh, who achieved so much at such a young age therefore i request you that you tell something to the younger generation today on this topic .
mann ki baat also tells us that a 130 crore countrymen wish to be, strongly and actively, a part of the nations progress .
the children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift .
no martyr, no family is an exception to that whether it be the family of martyr vijay maurya of devariya, the parents of martyr tilakraj of kangra or the six year old son of martyr hemraj of kota the story of every family of martyrs is full of inspiration .
this cowardly act has shocked the entire nation .
saudi arabia witnessed its first, historic yoga programme and i am told many aasans were demonstrated by women .
it is a matter of great pride for all of us that rabindranath tagore and his memories are a shared heritage .
you do remember that, 31stoctober is the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel and that ek bharat shreshth bharat is our common dream .
what can be more satisfying than this for any one .
my dear young friends, i once again earnestly appeal to you to take forward this campaign .
a rare example of courage, determination, strength and bravery a few days ago i talked to abhilash over the telephone after he was rescued and brought safely ground .
bharat maaroo and dakshaa parmar from surat, through their marriage, have made a valuable contribution in the ongoing fight against corruption and black money and set up a very inspiring example .
the country is indeed grateful for their contribution .
today, we have adopted in all aspects of governance the mantra of cooperative federalism and going a step further, we have adopted competitive cooperative federalism but most importantly, dr .
he was a supporter of a political ideology connected with the roots of india, he presented his own soul stirring political philosophy, the ekaatmmaanav darshan alongside the ideology to uphold indias great cultural heritage .
there is no need to go to the tehsil if our need is met in our village .
those businessmen who adopt digital transactions, who develop online payment process instead of cash transactions in their trade activities will get income tax rebate .
last year, personnel of coast guard undertook a campaign of cleaning up of our coastal areas also, over and above their routine duties .
my young friends, the need of the hour is that we build up a mass movement for making a magnificent glorious 21st century india .
many thanks for your phone call .
a few days ago, you must have heard that the versova beach in mumbai, which was infamous for its filth has now transformed into a a clean and beautiful beach .
on the occasion of the birth anniversary of sardar sahab, run for unity will be organized throughout the country, which will see the participation of children, youth, women, in fact people of all age groups .
not only the elders but children also have become aware about cleanliness .
in the year 2019, 100 years of the horrific incident of jallianwala bagh will come to a full circle, it was an incident that embarrassed the entire humanity .
may 2016 usher in lots of joys in your lives i hope that new zeal, new excitement and new pledges may take you to new heights .
this was a turning point in the entire journey of indias freedom struggle, especially in the context of the methodology of the struggle .
india has always been extending active support to un peace missions .
dear countrymen, you may be knowing that i have tried to send a letter, to be delivered personally through my representatives, to all those who surrendered their cooking gas subsidy on my appeal .
our culture has a continuum spread over many millennia and it is a part of our heritage .
in no time, selfie with daughter became a big campaign not only in india but across the whole world .
it is natural for our countrymen to be curious about it .
shobha ji, thank you very much for paying attention to this shining example of indias pride .
along with this scheme, about thirty and a half million properties under mnrega have also been tagged .
i have met so many youth who have taken the pledge sunday on cycle .
i do believe that a single step towards freedom from single use plastic taken by 130 crore countrymen will give india a lead by a 130 crore steps .
if we, 125 crore indians, resolve, we can cover that distance .
the exit of the red beacon through a government decision is part of a system .
as ive said, a collective effort begets massive positive results .
guru nanak dev ji is not only the first guru of sikhs hes guru to the entire world .
through mann ki baat, i once again have been blessed with the opportunity to be facetoface with you .
my dear young friends, i had some preliminary discussions about startup india, standup india in my speech on 15th august from the red fort .
it is a delight to learn that till now, under the digidhan yojana, ten lakh people have been rewarded, over fifty thousand traders have won prizes and an amount of almost over a hundred fifty crores rupees has been earned as prize money by people who have promoted and carried forward this great campaign .
10yearold abhinav shaw hailing from asansol is the youngest gold medallist in the khelo india games .
i had once said that we should try to buy local products .
the previous year is both a mixture of both positive and negative memories .
and, we all are of the view, and this is the view of all 125 crore indians, right from the village pradhan to the prime minister that every loss of life in kashmir whether it is of a young man or of a security personnel it is our own loss, a loss of our people, a loss for the nation .
in the ultimate , any religion, faith, ideology or tradition give us the message of peace, unity and goodwill .
play with those poor kids, you will experience a new kind of joy, the kind you would have never experienced in your life beforethats the kind of joy youll experience .
they found out newer methods in order to conserve every single drop of water .
this letter is special in many ways .
but, i am thankful to him for having seen the campaign in this way .
the ministry of drinking water and sanitation has created a section on mygov .
in the national capital of delhi an india africa foreign summit is being organized from 26th to 29th october .
it is an example of how the voice of unison can bestow strength upon our country .
they have sent me the image of mother india .
and see how this initiative from india became a big source of motivation for other countries too .
it is correct that i am reaching maghar on the 28th .
my dear countrymen, you update yourselves with the busy schedule of the prime minister of the country through newspapers and television, you even discuss the engagements .
uttarakhand and haryana have also been declared odf, this week .
21st june 2017 yoga has permeated the entire world .
it shows that besides cricket, our people have so much involvement in and awareness and knowledge about other sports and games also .
the flow of ganga adds momentum to the economic pace of the country .
the presentday students of journalism and the champions of democracy have been endeavouring towards raising awareness about that dark period, by constant reminders, and should continue to do so .
he tried to change the mood of despondency and create a mood to achieve something .
being a woman, i feel an empathy with her family .
on 19th february we will observe ravidas jayanti .
in order to clear a test, treat the test as a festive occasion .
you will be happy to note that in a year, more than 26 lakh tourists visited the 'statue of unity' .
paying tributes to birsa munda and jamsetji tata is, in a way, salutation to the glorious legacy and history of jharkhand .
my dear countryman, the entire world is worried about climate change .
15th of december is the death anniversary of sardar vallabh bhai patel .
six of these young daughters are in the navy .
there are a lot of similarities amongst us .
my name is jyoti rajendra waade .
this is a huge success in itself which 125 crore indians have earned for themselves .
he himself started travelling to this village, to instill faith and give a new lease of life to governmental organizations he encouraged the officials to visit .
when you listen to the call, you will come to know why he does not want to identify himself .
this mahaparva, megafestival stands for unity, equality, integrity and honesty .
it is played with cowries or tamarind seeds or dice on an eight by eight square board .
how could we realize our resolves before 2022 .
the freedom struggle which began in 1857, continued to be manifested in one or the other corner of the country till 1942 .
but recently i had a pleasant experience, real pleasant experience .
someone told me that in khandwa, an old gentleman met with an accident .
thank you very much to you all .
that is why, the need of the hour is that humanitarian forces should become more alert and cautious .
following his footsteps, our engineers have created their own identity in the world .
once again, many congratulations to all of you .
she received rs 40,000 from the mudra yojana .
and when your mark sheet arrives, if they are not happy with that, they will not see you but only me .
hence along with the best of wishes on deepawali, i would urge you to come forward and become a patron of local things and buy local .
i would like to bring to your attention a few things .
you can choose your own convenient time to listen to it .
namaskar pradhan mantri ji, i am shivaa choubey calling from jabalpur, madhya pradesh .
personally too, i have strived to lend momentum to this campaign .
is there nothing we can do to have this implemented throughout the country, sir .
indian doctors have carved a niche for themselves in the entire world through their capabilities and skills .
at times, sensitive events touch me a little too deeply .
the practice of yoga leads to germination of a sense of forgiveness in the same manner as a mother has for her children and mental peace becomes our permanent friend .
there are many programs that are held in our country and the world .
tradition of publicly celebrating ganesh utsav was also initiated with the efforts of lok manya tilakji .
the motive behind this scheme is making healthcare affordable and encouraging ease of living .
vasant, the season of spring has just started to step into our lives .
these lines were written centuries ago, but even today, carry great relevance .
all these things are a sign that we are moving in the right direction and awareness has also increased .
and the second one is that the limit under the anti defection law was enhanced from onethirds to twothirds .
chandrayaan ii is a mission that is special on many counts .
we are wasting them .
one can clearly see that today, the youth, the elderly, women, in fact every age group is taking to khadi handloom .
it is indeed an extremely joyous experience to imbue the essence of bhagwan krishna revel blissfully .
each person has become associated with it in a positive manner .
i had made an appeal to change braindrain into braingain .
for now, we will stick to the one month program only .
this is the strength of my country which encompasses the spirit of service, of sacrifice and also of genuineness and honesty .
one of the focal points of 'pariksha pe charcha' was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations .
my dear countrymen, once again, i wish you michchamidukkadm .
ndrf teams were deployed .
similarly, one shri satya prakash mehra ji has written on narednramodiapp in mann ki baat, there is a need to focus on extracurricular activities, especially on encouraging children and youth to play .
these are but living examples before your eyes .
i too bow in gratitude to you o brave soldier .
nhrc has instilled widespread awareness of human rights and has played an important role in preventing their misuse .
in 1989, at the age of 72, he was appointed the force commander for an operation in namibia and he gave his services to ensure the independence of that country .
so, we should not make such ganeshji idols, which create problems .
and this is the very reason that we are developing infrastructure for buddhist tourism, which is going to connect southeast asia with the important buddhist sites of india .
most people have derived political conclusions out of that .
along with that, he was also adept at organising skills .
then, lal bahadur shashtri ji had very aptly tried to touch the emotional universe of the country .
geetika swami, who is active on twitter, says that for her, major khushbu kanwar, daughter of a bus conductor, who has led an all women contingent of assam rifles, is the lakshmi of india .
but therein lies a pleasant and interesting experience too .
dear countrymen, my heart is filled with joy because of this one thing .
the business community, our traders can well comprehend how momentous this decision is .
promoting the virtues of cleanliness, this little lad has done inspiring work .
i want that you not only extend your cooperation in making this campaign successful but also lead the process of transformation and i have full confidence that you can be the leader for this change .
you will be surprised that only 8 of the water received from rains in the entire year is harvested in our country .
in fact, preparationsfor festivals always begin with cleaning .
those youth who have dared to ask questions and have had the courage to dream big .
and i was travelling to a certain place .
society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis .
and when they do get the interview letter the poor, the widowed mother start thinking who to reach for recommendation, who can help get the job, whose jack could be useful to get that job .
vigilance can be of help to reduce many shortcomings in the education system peoples participation will go a long way in achieving this .
gardens and trees bring in an element of freshness in our lives .
but i do intend to try this time to shorten my speech .
other temples too can start the practice of distributing saplings instead of prasad during this rainy season .
people from normal backgrounds who could not step inside banks can now avail loan facilities from the mudra yojana .
my best wishes to all the students whore going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well .
once again, i extend my heartiest wishes for your birthday .
now our northeast is also known for all best deeds .
constructive criticism strengthens democracy .
we have always faced scarcity of pulses and oilseeds in our country .
winter is on its way out .
his personality was filled to the brim with the greatest of virtues .
shikhar thakur has written on mygov that we could have performed better at the olympics .
the cost of heart stent for heart patients has been reduced to 85 .
the world witnessed a dance of death and devastation during the world war i .
and not just that, many people came to the fore and through their creativity and intelligence, exposed the rumour mongers, brought out the falsity of the rumours and established the truth .
indias pslv c28 has launched five uk satellites, which are the heaviest satellites launched by india till date .
i, once again convey my best wishes to all .
i congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this republic day .
this time, maximum number of letters are from children who have written about exams .
i would like to share a couple of personal experiences with you .
all tweets and responses received were really inspiring .
or running errands such as lifting a hillock, or at other times picking up leftover leaf plates one feels a sense of newness in whatever he does .
i recalled a few incidents in the last few days which i liked and hence would like to share with you .
on the other hand, economists have put constant pressure to reduce the subsidy on gas cylinders for this reason, many committees would sit which would receive many proposals and suggestions on the issue of lessening the gas subsidy .
take it further as it has a very major and prominent role in the fight against corruption and black money .
i reside in mayur vihar, pocket1, phase i, delhi .
everybody, be it menwomen, oldyoung, villagecity, developed or developing countries, everybody got connected with it .
in such an environment, when the common man comes to you talking about emerging hope, new zeal and events that have taken place in his life, it is not to the government's credit .
later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas .
this time the ratio of men women who voted was almost the same .
and as in our villages, our elders, the old people of the village are always reminding us forget the sorrow but also do not forget the joy .
and you must have observed today also that women are a majority amongst those who ask me questions or send in suggestions .
now, look at the gesture of village pradhan mohammad shafi, he arranged eighteen thousand rupees and got a toilet built within a week .
the government of that time arrested and incarcerated him .
if you dont know how to swim, then learn swimming, try doing some drawing, even if you do not end up making the best drawing, try to practice putting hand to the paper .
once again, i appeal to all the citizens to adopt their legacy of yoga and create a healthy, happy and harmonious nation .
but muslim women in india did not have this right .
the cashless treatment refers to the policy for the first fifty hours postaccident one need worry if one has money or not, who will pay the bills, leaving all this worry one has to give primary importance to the road accident victim who is injured so that he is treated and provided the best hospital facilities at the earliest .
i urge you all that on october 31, through 'run for unity', to strengthen our efforts and bind every section of the society as a unified unit this will be a great tribute to sardar sahib .
and i can take a leaf from my personal experience and offer you a suggestion which has been very successful .
it should be our constant endeavor that our women also get equal rights and equal opportunities just like men get so that they can proceed simultaneously on the path of progress .
since last many years, run for unity programs have been organized in various parts of the country on the 31st of october .
our festivals, our celebrations are not merely occasions of joy and merriment .
ministers, chief ministers as also mayors and commissioners of metropolitan cities will participate in brainstorming sessions on the sole issue of cleanliness .
she was able to save around 1000 rupees every month .
so in the morning they are students and by evening they become educators .
this self confidence, this very positivity will by a catalyst in realising our resolve of new india, of making our dream come true .
under the swachch bharat mission rural, we are taking rapid strides in this direction .
he emphasized not only on the spirit of service, but also on the inner happiness it led to .
after vasant ritu or the season of spring, it is now the time for the ripening of the crops, and the time for the farmers to reap the benefits of their hard work .
in medical parlance it is called antibiotic resistance hence it is indeed necessary to follow rules in the administration of antibiotics .
our respectful tributes to indira ji too .
students of age between seven to seventeen took up this task .
we celebrate air force day on the 8th of october .
the 25th of january was the formation day of the election commission, which is celebrated now as the national voters day .
the occasion was the completion of 75 years of the formation of the azad hind government .
friends, as you know that 31st october every year since 2014 has been celebrated as 'national unity day' .
mann ki baat, june 2018 .
i had the charge of the chief minister of gujrat at a period of time when the habitat of lions in the forests of gir was shrinking .
this year also i request that each family should buy one or the other khadi item so that the poor may also be able to light an earthen lamp and celebrate diwali .
but the experience over the last one month makes me feel that we need to take it forward .
what is your opinion about such cheat and fraud emails .
see it for yourself, the whole ambience will be transformed .
you must also try to become a part of this program .
new india is the clarion call of 125 crore countrymen .
this scheme has been designed keeping all sections of society in mind, with a special focus on the poor and the lower middle class segments .
' ekta, we all are proud of you .
just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope .
what im trying to infer is that in society, in the country, there are many who take on such roles .
you will see that with our joint efforts, this movement will get a fresh boost, a new dynamism .
efforts are being extensively undertaken to make health care accessible and affordable, make it easily accessible and affordable for the common man .
the other group of correspondents have stressed that this is such a good work being carried out for the welfare of the country, such a sacred task but they have also noted that in spite of this there are many scams being committed and new avenues of dishonesty are being explored .
once you teach the poor people about the usage of rupay card, they will shower their blessings upon you .
swachch bharat is already our resolve besides this, how can our 125 crore countrymen pay the best tribute to gandhiji by working in close harmony .
many years ago, when i first got the chance to go there, i could feel a certain vibration in that place .
by lighting lamps on diwali, we try to overcome the darkness of these social shortcomings and individual blemishes attaining freedom from this darkness is the real essence of the festival of lights deepawali, which we celebrate by lighting an earthen lamp, a diya .
i sincerely hope, that in future too, well play with each other with the best sportsman spirit shine together .
he was a worshipper of both weapons or shashtra and knowledge or shaashtras .
i have always said that people who visit porbandar, the birthplace of mahatma gandhi, can also see there the underground tanks constructed about 200 years ago, that were built to save rain water .
one crore families giving up their subsidy on gas cylinders and in return one crore poor families getting gas cylinders with the money that is saved from the one crore families that have given up their subsidy externally, it appears just an incident but, its extraordinary lesson is that if you place faith in the people, it leads to most handsome achievements .
someone is involved in the campaign of cleanliness whereas someone is helping out the farmers .
when we think of south africa, it is very natural to remember mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela .
two types of waste bins will be available, one would be of green colour and the other blue .
this people to people contact is a big contribution of akashvani .
you involve yourself physically for 2 hours, 4 hours with cleaning work and i request you to share your cleanliness drive photo on narendramodiapp .
we have completed 50 years of our war with pakistan in 1965 to commemorate this event an exhibition named shouryanjali had been organized near india gate .
one can also use a khadi handkerchief to welcome people, and be a support to the innumerable underprivileged .
his cab passengers too contributed largeheartedly .
they are far removed from the world of glitter and glare, and are people who do not care about name or fame but simply believe in toiling at the proletarian level .
and by creating this vertical garden on the site of railway station, they have given it a new look .
there exists a small village called keshla in rajnandgaon, chhattisgarh .
my dear countrymen, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel ji, two days from now, on the 31st of october .
and hence the task of implementing the 13 points which was left incomplete in the earlier act is being accomplished today .
this has been a memorable incident to increase awareness about our constitution among the youth and to connect them to the various aspects of the constitution .
these maladies have been afflicting us for the past 70 years and the campaign for getting rid of these can never be an easy task .
this is the birth anniversary of the great hockey player, hockey wizard, major dhyan chand ji .
if you look around, youll find many daughters and daughtersinlaw who are performing extraordinarily .
whenever you are there, do capture images and share them on social media so that others get inspired to come visit this sacred site with eagerness .
ushas feat, lalita babar qualified for the finals in track and field .
this house has faced three earthquakes .
not only this, he always said that a good teacher can only be one who keeps the student within always alive .
my dear countrymen, kiran sidar has written on mygov that i should highlight the aspects of india's space program and its future .
this year both these brothers have won this race they have made us proud .
they demanded building toilets some students even wrote that they would rather go without celebrating birthday but the toilet must be constructed .
my dear countrymen, in the current budget, emphasis has been laid on turning waste to wealth and waste to energy through bio gas, under the swachch bharat campaign .
these two distinguished personalities brought glory honour not just to jharkhand, but the entire country .
but i also had the good fortune to practice yoga in the rain for the first time .
shriman santosh ji from mysore, expressing joy, has written on the narendramodiapp that under the lucky grahak yojana, he received a reward of a thousand rupees .
there were times when the family had no money to buy food .
our ancient texts observe meaning, when ability and humility amalgamate in a person, whose heart will he not be able to win over .
and this precisely is the time to learn living that life also .
before the monsoons, the entire government machinery was brought into a state of preparedness through mock drills undertaken at most of the places .
today, over three thousand jan aushadhi kendras have been set up across the country .
he advocated the message of equality in society, not through mere words but through concrete endeavour .
in our culture much glory has been ascribed to food .
when we see pictures of miners, we wonder what it must be like out there .
for the past three decades, in belagavi, she has made a great contribution towards changing the lives of countless women .
in this very kranti mandir, a visual arts museum has been established .
we are also trying to get voluntary organisations to join us in this effort .
initially i was surprised to see why they created a map of india using thumb prints .
today is the birth anniversary of veer savarkarji .
this has become the habit and the culture of the village .
but it led on the international yoga day .
prophet mohammad sahibpeace be upon him believed that if you possessed anything more than your requirement, then donate it to the needy, thus donation or giving alms is important during ramzan .
in the kumbh mela, there is a tidal upsurge of faith and reverence .
more than two and a half crore children took part in an essay competition on cleanliness .
young friends, i want to have a chat with you too .
the construction of the watertank in telangana's thimmaipalli is changing the lives of the people of the village .
peoples anger was at its peak .
our athletes this time gave a creditable performance .
i was told that a few days ago, in jabalpur, madhya pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign .
highlighting such things in this programme will be very beneficial .
we get to know certain things through media, through the people and through government sources which add to our enthusiasm for work .
all of us shall celebrate the navaratrimahotsava, garba, durga puja, dussehra, diwali, bhaiyadooj, chhath puja .
do you know how many tigers there are in india .
thangavelu had lost his right leg when he was just 5 .
also, extensive work is going on to set up health wellness centres across the country .
and when we have your active support, this fight becomes much easier .
they devote their lives for their disciples, their students .
but the mp from that place, a senior member who has also been our deputy s peaker, shri karia munda has dedicated his life for the tribals .
then during last two weeks of october from 16th october to 31st october, three more departments, namely agriculture and farmer welfare, food processing industries and consumer affairs are going to take up cleanliness campaigns in the concerned areas .
in this mission of his, saidul sold off family jewellery and raised funds through charity .
government of india had organized a mega camp for divyang persons and a number of world records were established that day .
why dont we associate each festival with cleaniness .
when, i cant say, but ill do it for sure you have every right as far as i am concerned .
there are many efforts being made by the government .
after that all government departments started discussing it .
but for me the visit to south africa was more like a pilgrimage .
i get to know so many things from you .
there mustve been hardly any part of india, which did not produce someone who contributed in the long freedom struggle, that spanned centuries .
a few days ago, under the clean ganga campaign, a group from the bsf scaled the everest and while returning, removed loads of trash littered there and brought it down .
and that this sum of 17 lakh rupees be used for providing other facilities in the village .
our farmers in meghalaya, in the year 201516, achieved record production as compared to the last five years .
and, this is an example which shows that great tasks can be accomplished by working in unison to move ahead .
a few weeks ago, an immense event entitled 'pariksha pe charcha' was organised in delhi in the format of a town hall programme .
better education, best talent and new opportunities of employment are being created .
the air force, navy, army, bsf, cisf, raf, every agency has played an exemplary role in the rescue relief operations .
i view the fifa event as a great opportunity to establish india as a brand at a global level .
raviji you have given a good suggestion, but please dont get angry with me .
it is a natural journey from the self to the collective .
we shall meet .
and during the last few days there has been a movement towards restoration of trading activities .
travel plays a very strong role in shaping our lives these days the youth of india are being driven by a spirit of adventure and curiosity .
pradhans of villages situated on the banks of the river ganga were invited to allahabad on the 20th of this month .
i was surprised that the girl had memorized the bhagvada geeta completely but the most interesting thing was that she kept reciting the shlokas along with its english interpretation and its definition in english as well as hindi .
baba saheb has given us a lot to help shape us into ideal citizens .
each year about one lakh eyes are in need of a vision .
i felt this girl is godgifted .
come on, let us take this journey further .
and i saw how the young scientists were eager to explain their work and their eyes were full of dreams .
ill be back after a months wait and meet you again .
and spinningwheel bearing mohan too chose a similar path, for the sake of freedom, for preserving human values, for strengthening the basic elements of personality character for this he lent a certain hue to the freedom struggle, a turn, that left the whole world awe struck, which it still remains today .
one of the notable features eagerly awaited by spectators during the republic day parade is the flypast comprising the magnificent display of the might of our air force through their breath taking aerobatic manoeuvres .
among the recipients of the padma award, shabbir sayyed of marathwada is known as the servant of gaumata .
the pair of sania mirza and rohan bopanna met almost a similar fate in tennis .
those trying to disturb peace in kashmir by putting small children in the front and hiding behind them will have to be answerable to these very innocent children some day .
another encouraging fact is that, today, there are a record 78 women members of parliament .
i have seen that this time, many people have written to me mentioning ganeshotsav and durga puja .
people from the film fraternity, from the world of sports, common citizens of the country, members of the armed forces, school teachers or even those toiling in fields and farms, their rising notes are building up a crescendo hum fit toh india fit .
let us celebrate victory on vijayadashmi .
mahatma gandhi international sanitation convention will conclude on 2nd october, 2018 with the commencement of bapus 150th birth anniversary celebrations .
there is still time left before the start of durga pooja festivities .
there is more likelihood of the government being a catalytic agent of change if it is better connected to the society .
gurbachan singh ji had told the brides parents that the marriage would be performed in a solemn manner .
i am lakhwinder singh from jalandhar, punjab .
with great respect and in an emotion filled voice, she said, that mahatma gandhi had sent this handkerchief to her as a wedding gift .
in this campaign lasting for two hundred days, people performed the task of cleaning the fort, nonstop, without any fatigue and with teamwork .
congratulations to bhai gurbachan singh ji .
i have heard that in cuddalore district of tamil nadu, child marriage has been banned under a special campaign .
these are examples of how work can be achieved with the help of society .
the national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the kumbh .
some people take mann ki baat as a monologue and some criticize it from a political angle but after a long experience, i now feel, that when i had first started mann ki baat, i had not given thought to the fact that mann ki baat would make me a member of every family in india .
have we ever thought why water acquires colour in rivers and seas .
there in september they will get an opportunity to witness the moment when chandrayaan would be landing on the surface of the moon .
india not having a national war memorial used to surprise me, pain me .
thousands of people under the jan dhan yojana are now eligible to take an overdraft and they have availed it too .
cant my doctor brothers and sisters spare just 12 days in a year for this service to the under privileged .
we have to further fortify that legacy .
besides usual arrangements to welcome the prime minister, cleanliness will also be high on the agenda .
beyond that, these sentences serve no purpose in our lives .
some people even shared their personal achievements .
for the first time constitutional safeguards guaranteed that the president could only announce the emergency upon the written recommendation of the cabinet, and that the period of emergency could not be extended more than six months at any stretch of time .
this will result in monetary savings, as well as one would be able to contribute towards protection of the environment .
make headway with this mantra .
those of you who might be getting a chance to visit tamilnadu might have noticed that in some temples in the state, there are carvings on stone depicting irrigation system, water conservation methods and drought management .
whatever interaction with whomsoever i had on kashmir resounded with these views quite prominently and if i may try to summarise these views and comments, the gist and essence were unity and affection .
i received a very interesting phone call and i had also not visualized from this angle .
we observe armed forces flag day every year on 7th december .
she says that this day is special because we are going to enter into the 70th year of our constitution adoption .
when on august 1 1920, lok manya tilakji passed away, patel ji had decided then itself that he would build his statue in ahmedabad .
this effort also found a mention in the guinness book of world records .
earlier there were seven divyaang categories now adding fourteen new categories this has been expanded to twentyone categories .
it is due to our collective efforts that our country has seen unprecedented improvement in the ease of doing business rankings .
is there not anything good happening around in this country populated by 125 crore people .
this way, after mobilizing funds for twelve long years, saiduls mammoth efforts paid rich dividends .
she rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day .
this is an opportunity to remember the teachings of prophet muhammadpeace be upon him and his message .
it is clear that those who wish to spread hatred en route to development, pose hurdles will never succeed in their sinister plans .
india is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas .
today our satellites are a symbol of the country's growing might .
i also want to thank the chief ministers of these five states for taking the vital step in the direction of making ganga clean by involving peoples power .
my dear young friends, the government will launch the entire action plan for startup india, standup india on 16th january .
in august 2016, about 90 political parties in the country, many of these parties in the parliament, which were staunch opponents of each other and which do not miss the slightest opportunity against each other, all these parties got united and passed the gst act .
he kept on breaking his own records consecutively and consistently for about twenty years, everytime surpassing and outdoing himself and thus continuously forging ahead .
my dear countrymen, we will celebrate the auspicious day of ram navami on the 5th of april, mahavir jayanti is on the 9th of april, and on the 14th of april is the birth anniversary of baba saheb ambedkar .
after a gap of 15 years, there was good news, in fact grand news from the hockey arena too .
the talent of bhajju shyam ji, who made india proud in many nations abroad, was also recognized and he was awarded the padma shri .
well, ill tell you the reason, one of the security personnel of itbp called vikas thakur is from a small village in sirmour district of himachal .
during the conversation with one of them, a visually challenged young man, and he mentioned that he happened to be a stage artist, and specialized in mimicry during entertainment programs, so just like that i asked him as to who all he could imitate .
this year, we the hundred twenty five crore countrymen are celebrating the thousandth birth anniversary of saint ramanujacharya .
there are many such instances of students from deprived families who, through sheer determination perseverance overcame all odds and stood out to be beacons of inspiration to others .
the media also made this festival of lights into an opportunity and an occasion to express gratitude towards our armed forces .
i recently read in a newspaper that students of gujarat technological university launched a jagran abhiyan awereness campaign to build toilets in 107 villages .
not only this, if they are chopped into small bits, they can act as a dry fruit for cattle .
with his team, he began with the garbage bins of lodi garden .
i salute atalji on his birthday and pray to god for his good health .
for the proper development of cottage and small industries with finance availability and organizational setup all india handicrafts board, all india handloom board and khadi village industries board were established between 1948 and 1950 .
i earnestly pray for those injured in this natural disaster to get well soon .
if you refer to mahatma gandhi, lokmanya tilak, swami vivekanand, our former president abdul kalamji then you will notice that when they toured around india, they got to see and understand india and they got inspired to do and die for the country .
we had issued an ordinance .
sports kits, mnrega job cards and scst certificates were distributed .
i have heard this year also, this race is being planned at many places people are excited to be preparing for this race .
under the poshan abhiyaan campaign, nutrition made available with the help of modern scientific methods is being converted into a mass movement all over the country .
the month of october is a month to remember so many of our titans .
recently, he has picked up the gauntlet to not just clean up delhi, but to beautify it .
i mean to say that beti bachao beti padhao movement has also developed in many shapes and forms .
and, we are believers in vasudhaiv kutumbakam which means the whole world is our family .
though all of our festivals are associated with nature in one way or the other, but in our country blessed with the bounty of cultural diversity, there are different ways to celebrate this wonderful episode of nature in different forms .
thomas alva edison, the inventor of the light bulb, failed many a time in his experiments .
several prominent leaders including jai prakash narayan had been jailed .
the world over, people prayed for the safe secure exit of these children .
we can say with conviction that the sun never sets in the world of yoga practitioners .
we citizens are facing some difficulties, but we are all fighting against corruption and we are happy that we are making a contribution in this fight .
every language has its own significance, sanctity .
this also helped in improving efficiency .
can we not contribute in this endeavour .
guru nanak dev, his teachings and blessings are very relevant even now and are a source of inspiration for humanity as a whole .
our body is made up of five basic elements and whenever we come in contact with these elements we get fresh energy .
all of you must be knowing that our civilization developed along river banks .
if you dont know how to swim, can you resolve to learn swimming during the holidays if you dont know how to cycle, can you resolve to learn cycling during the holidays .
wherever there will be a talk of world peace, indias name and contribution will be written in golden letters .
over the last few days, many have written to me .
we must take this forward .
when we read and hear about sardar saheb's style of working, we come to know of the sheer magnitude of the meticulousness in his planning .
there was hardly any state in india youths from which were not exiled to the dark waters of andamans and were forced to spend their youth in this cellular jail during the freedom movement .
continuing in the same vein, i feel, today, that i should definitely have a talk with my young friends .
the peaceful atmosphere at the kumbh mela gives moments of tranquillity to the soul .
in utterances of yours, in your experiences, in the examples that you quote, there exists immense inspiration, unfathomable energy, unparalleled warmth a resolve to bring about something new for the country .
sometimes i say that the government employees to be karma yogis or selfless workers .
similarly is the intellectual wealth limited to a few selected cities or what .
this very discussion led to the founding of the indian institute of science .
i shall also tell the security forces that all our capabilities, power, laws, rules and regulations are basically meant to maintain law and order in order to provide a life of peace and happiness for the common people of kashmir .
for this purpose, we have launched deendayal upadhyaya gram jyoti programme .
do you know what mahatma gandhi used to say .
1857 to 1942 the yearning for freedom had reached the grassroots, had reached everybody .
gurunanak jhira sahib is a famous place in bidar dedicated to him, cherishing reminiscences of him .
my dear countrymen, festivals are occasions that awaken a new consciousness in our lives .
i congratulate our youth urge them to register themselves as voters .
people arrive there from the country and abroad .
the extent of sensitivity of the government towards the divyaangs can be assessed by the fact that during the last two years, the central government set up 4350 camps for divyaangs, spent 352 crore rupees for distributing implements to 5,80,000 divyaang brothers and sisters .
how capable we are and how our soldiers risk their lives to protect us citizens .
our ministry of minority affairs issued corrective measures and we ameliorated this restriction by phasing out a tradition that had been in practice for the past seventy years .
lets come together to make positivity viral .
come to think of it, recently an incident pertaining to a natural disaster attracted global attention, leaving every heart mind perturbed .
however, since i had to attend that program some thoughts kept coming iin my mind .
he is extremely enthusiastic and motivates others also to go digital .
some people say that the younger generation wants to accomplish a many things at a time .
you must be wondering why rajani did that .
most people visit places within their own states for a week or so .
in the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards .
the jain community celebrated the samvatsariparva yesterday .
this has been a very sublime experience for me .
but the goal remains the same, and that is to save water and adopt water conservation .
and you can do this through your mobile phone by going to 10 houses daily and bringing 10 families daily under the ambit of this campaign .
you too kindly spread the message of yoga and connect people with it .
i consider this as a positive sign .
this group of youngsters has started a big campaign in delhi for providing education to the street children and slum dwellers .
women are already empowered and now getting armed too .
all of us know that just the word cancer is more than enough to scare the world .
my dear brothers and sisters, this time when i asked people for suggestions for mann ki baat, i can say that almost all the suggestions that were received echoed one theme .
this is followed by the tyag chakra .
people of the state are full of warmth .
we need to change this mindset .
in fact it in itself has given a new dimension to mann ki baat .
and as a citizen we surely have a bad experience with a government official in our lifetime .
after the broadcast of this show, a large number of people have been discussing about jim corbett national park .
advertisements worth crores, by the government, cannot achieve what has been achieved through your help .
now in our country houses having a gas stove, or those having electricity in the houses do not have a requirement for kerosene .
sometimes we are reluctant to get our medical checkup done .
there is no greater contentment and joy than the fact that the lives of the countrymen be full of shine and there be happiness in their lives .
this has become a great opportunity for me to understand the hearts and minds of one and all .
there are advertisements in the newspapers but it escapes our attention .
not just in india, it is a part of the discourse in the whole world .
many such examples are coming to light where direct benefits of this demonetisation can clearly be seen .
after that, she wrapped a cloth around the medal kept it in a bag .
a complete layout of india unfolds in front of us when we talk about sardar vallabh bhai patel .
it is good for the environment and i enjoy my youth too .
and, i want to tell our small trader brothers and sisters that this is a ripe opportunity for them too to make their entry into the digital world .
i have reiterated again and again that i am open to any suggestion in the interest of the farmers .
i had requested the citizens to call up telephonically and get their suggestions or queries recorded .
when we all talk of positivity, i also feel like sharing one experience .
i myself will also be a candidate during this election .
similarly, efforts towards ensuring cleanliness have always inspired mann ki baat .
constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on .
tribal communities make their dwelling units from natural material which are strong as well as ecofriendly .
my dear countrymen, as prime minister, there are numerous tasks to be handled .
in order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night .
it is true that sports games that were once a part parcel of every childs life, in every lane in the neighbourhood, are fading into oblivion .
we all hailed the commendable performance by our divyang players at rio paralympics .
i would request you all that do not make death so cheap .
government of india has made a successful effort to clean the ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five state governments .
despite this, our soldiers fought bravely and played a very big role and made the supreme sacrifice .
work for every hand, water to every field through only these two words he presented his entire economic agenda .
it is the result of our concerted efforts and commitment that yoga has now become a mass movement and reached every house .
on the narendra modi app, shri onkar shetty ji of udupi, karnataka has expressed his happiness on the completion of the national war memorial .
thirty crore new families have been linked to this scheme, bank accounts have been opened .
in a way, entire india received his blessings .
so expectations get hyped up to such an extent that if corresponding success is not achieved, these turn into despair and even resentment .
i want to tell something to my farmer brothers and sisters .
he had the courage to show a mirror to the british about their wrong doings .
they were in jail, certain to be hanged, but still the british remained anxious about how to deal with them .
time magazine had opined that hovering over india then were the dangers of problems like partition, violence, food scarcity, price rise and powerpolitics .
the old generation feels that the new generation does not understand anything and i understand that this has been going on for ages .
we get our daily bread from ganga, we get our earnings from ganga, and we get a new source of energy from ganga to live our lives .
mann ki baat, july 2019 .
but destiny had different plans that day .
the indian army has got two extraordinary brave women officers they are lieutenant swati and nidhi .
1975 25th june it was a dark night that no devotee of democracy can ever forget .
we shall have to take up this challenge facing our country, forgetting all barriers of casteism, communalism, regionalism and other difference, so that, our steps against terror are firmer, stronger and more decisive .
i was told that in devas district of madhya pradesh, the gorva gram panchayat took up the drive to create farm ponds .
my dear countrymen, this year was also the 350th prakash parv of guru gobind singh ji .
in the village at that time there was supposed to be a meeting of the gram sabha, so he went to the meeting where a discussion about construction of toilets was in progress .
the check post has become extinct after the arrival of the gst scheme and the movement of goods has become faster, which not only saves time but is also accruing benefits in the areaof logistics .
and the positive results are now being seen .
and that was the period when all the stalwarts, that we hear about today rajendra babu, acharya kripalani ji, and others were all sent to the villages by gandhi ji .
i had almost left the habit of reading therefore i decided to pick up the habit during vacations .
we feel proud of diversity but have you ever tried to feel this diversity .
3rd december is a day to remember all such people and get inspired by them .
before the advent of chatth, people come together to clean up their homes, and along with that cleansing of rivers, lakes, pond banks and pooja locations, that is ghats, with utmost enthusiasm fervour .
this time a number of competitions were organized on the theme cleanliness is service .
have you ever wondered why he does so .
in our country, we are traditionally imbued with a sense of symbiotic coexistence with animals, birds and nature yet it is necessary that collective efforts in this regard should be emphasized .
at times it feels india is one such country which has a festival driven economy .
of course, i couldnt get much time, but during my travelling, i got an opportunity to read some of his short stories once again .
if we look at it in its collectiveness, in an organised manner, it comes across as a major force .
how can villages plan programmes for their own development .
we should move in this direction .
under the aegis of eat right india campaign, swasth bharat trips are being carried out across the country .
but if we have to inculcate cleanliness as a habit, we must start an idea based movement also .
have you ever wondered what a poor man goes through .
in our country, there have been unending endeavours against social ills and evil practices, both individually collectively .
i will surely send your ideas and efforts to the people .
and almost 27 lakh indians have settled in these nations from a long time .
till now around 40,000 crore rupees are directly reaching the beneficiaries through various schemes .
during this ramzan the villagers decided to get together and construct toilets .
my dear brothers and sisters, when i was going through your suggestion for mann ki baat this time, i found a very interesting comment from shri manish mahapatra from pudducherry .
my attention was drawn towards his work, so, i talked to him on the phone and tried to understand the new experiment being attempted by him .
i am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women commanders was on a voyage .
may all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you .
but i can feel and every indian can experience that the whole world is very curious to know more about india .
gulshan arora from delhi has left a message on mygov .
as a symbol of these, i would like to read a poem which has been sent by shriman ashwani kumar .
a certain ngo decided to distribute saplings as prasad to the devotees, and the devotees were told that mata ambaji will keep on showering her grace, if they took care of the saplings, till their maturity into trees in their homes and villages .
through his own conduct, he embraced those who were ostracized by society .
in the year 2007 on the occasion of the centenary celebration of sri sri sri shivakumar swamiji our former president dr .
my experience after that has been very good .
but why should india not make a beginning in creating a lesscash society .
but the woman power of chattisgarh, the tribal women there broke this stereotype presented an all new picture of themselves .
i am very happy that in uttarakhand and uttar pradesh, where there was discharge from distilleries, there has been a change for the better officers have told me that they have been successful in securing zero liquid discharge .
and each of our festivals are directly linked with the financial conditions of the poorest of the poor .
thank you very much for your suggestion vineeta ji .
there was an outrage in the conscience of one and all .
on july 23, another son of mother india was born, who sacrificed his life so that his countrymen could breathe freely in an atomsphere of freedom .
every indian will now be proud to see the worlds tallest statue here on indian soil .
on the 28th of august 2014, we had launched this campaign with a dream in our hearts .
i had heard about the farmers, of tohoo village in bhoranj block of hamirpur district in himachal pradesh .
we get to learn something each moment from them .
a new resolve, a new fervor and grand results .
in reality they are true karmyogis, who are selflessly engaged in public service, social service and, above all, in the service to the nation .
please bless us like a mother and may your blessings continue on to be showered upon us .
in anecigarette, theheating of nicotinecontaining fluids creates a type of chemical smoke and this is the pathway through which nicotine is consumed .
i am thankful to our countrymen for having provided me an opportunity to understand the feelings of the common man .
i also congratulate all those ministries of the government of india and also those ministers who turned this vision into reality .
but sometimes when a calamity strikes during festivities then it is very painful and it feels even more .
the mettle of this innocent lad is a representative sample of the feelings of each every child of the nation today .
i was inspired to visit the cellular jail only after reading savarkarjis book maazi janmthep .
terrorism and violence were so widespread there that his family had to leave their ancestral land and flee from there .
i am happy that the farmers of my country heeded the needs of our poor people and cultivated various pulse crops on about 290 lakh hectare land .
my heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion .
during the first fortnight of march, women and child development ministry along with the ministry of tribal affairs will be laying stress on the cleanliness campaign .
your curiosity is but natural .
it will be a matter of pride and it is our duty to enhance the honour of our teachers in the society .
it is the tallest statue in the world .
i want to urge the youth especially that since you are very active on social media, you can do one thing .
in the global innovation index 2016, we have moved up 16 rungs and in the logistics performance index 2016 of the world bank, we have risen by 19 ranks .
this trust remained associated with farmers, drew plans and made successful efforts to increase the income of farmers .
what i mean to say is, given this rising popular interest in football and the opportunity of hosting fifa under17 world cup, shall we just play the role of a host and fulfil our responsibility or will we use the opportunity to our advantage to promote sports .
but i am expecting more suggestions .
for a healthy society, and for lofty democratic values i feel that, it is a very hope inspiring event .
last wednesday, i got an opportunity to meet these daughters and listen to their experiences .
a thought comes to my mind, that in order to promote tourism in india what could be the seven best tourist destinations in your state every indian must know about these seven tourist spots of his state if possible, one must visit these seven places .
let us ensure this journey of 2019 remains successful .
people will wait for the moon in a few days from now onwards .
in a democracy the power of the people is of great significance .
the process of sant mahatmas converging at the kumbh mela has already started .
this is a beautiful coincidence that baba saheb ambedkar, the maker of the indian constitution, his 125th birth anniversary will be celebrated this year .
every day, effluents and garbage in a large quantity flow into ganga through drains .
every daughter started regaining her own self confidence self esteem .
i had appealed to those young people to think over how could they use their talent to indias benefit and do something in that direction whenever they found time .
i would now like to connect you with its mathematical manifestation .
this is very pleasing and inspiring for any cleanliness loving person .
my dear countrymen, i had mentioned in last months mann ki baat that even amidst these hardships our farmers toiled tirelessly and broke last years record in sowing .
the drainage lines are being fixed in punjab .
he contacted farmers and urged them to craft khadi bags .
the tradition of public celebration of ganesh utsav is lokmanya tilaks gift to us .
memories of this month are also linked with veer savarkar .
people are connecting with this programme and ensuring their participation through t .
why dont we too, be a part of this journey from swaraj to suraaj by making our lives disciplined, and filled with resolve .
it was his vision that culminated in the establishment of the tata institute of science, which we know as indian institute of science today .
he always showed the path of truth, work, service, kindness and amity to the society .
brain development is hampered by its consumption during adolescence .
see, our abhinav bindra very narrowly missed the medal and got fourth place in shooting .
one should be saddened to witness any wrong taking place in the country .
theyve mentioned that water should be kept in trays and utensils on the balcony and on the terrace .
news of such mishaps, fire breakouts and even tragic casualties become a cause of big concern on deepawali .
for centuries, everest has been throwing the gauntlet at humankind and for long, brave hearts have been responding to the challenge .
you might have seen that a cleanliness survey campaign is also carried out these days .
in order to uproot social ills in the state, the worlds longest human chain spanning over thirteen thousand kilometers was formed .
i also laid the foundation stone of mahamana madan mohan malviya cancer centre in bhu at varanasi .
peacekeeping operation is not an easy task .
they took up every small cause and made it their own and tried to contribute to the welfare of the country .
for an aware nation, an awakened nation, this churning is very important .
a while ago, i had a chance to have an indirect dialogue, with young friends from karnataka .
the whole world acclaimed this as a very successful tournament .
it is also a matter of exultation for us that this entire campaign was led and steered by our young scientists, our women scientists .
that country has brought about a big revolution .
some officers were so overwhelmed by the reception they received, that they decided to extend their stay upto two days in these villages .
but, the manner in which the local people joined hands with the state government in renovating it, is an example even today .
and the most thrilling part is that students scoring the highest in their respective states will be invited to visit sriharikota, with expenses borne by the government .
at the same time, we also come to know about our culture and traditions .
i would like to talk about kerala again .
i consider them new india youth, new india youth stands for aspirations, enthusiasm energy .
india scripted a thumping win in the under 19 cricket world cup and the blind cricket world cup .
this is only the beginning, but already nearly 10,000 people have visited this ecofriendly minetourism site at savaner near nagpur .
the junior hockey team lifted the world cup .
knee implants cost has also been regulated and reduced by 50 to 70 .
babasahebs contribution in making the country prosperous and strong can never be forgotten .
i salute the spirit of the young jigar thakkar wish him the best .
i view it also as something that is going to shake us all .
if this committed effort towards cleanliness become inherent to us, our country will certainly take our nation to greater heights .
and that is why the minutest nuance of an expression or subject can be accurately described .
no middlemen nor any recommendation, nor any possibility of corruption .
who does not know of the sense of adventure .
can we, beginning now, till the yoga day, devise a campaign to spread awareness on yoga .
most of the suggestions or practices to beat summer are not new but are prevalent for a long time, however it is very useful to remember them from time to time .
what should be the slogan, mantra or a catchphrase .
i want to specially thank the farmers of the country .
he started his own show from germany and he would constantly update the indian citizens about the independence movement through radio .
the hockey world cup will commence on the 28th november to be concluded on the 16th december .
but today i am not going to reveal its specifics .
the weather is changing .
we can also say 11 may 1988 is engraved in the history of india as a demonstration of her military power .
what can be the financial model .
my effort is to have a continuous dialogue with the youth in various programmes or through social media .
of course, those games were known by different names, depending on the place .
besides, the soil quality also improved .
that letter does not remain a mere a piece of paper for me .
i congratulate these young people for this innovative experiment and i am happy that these young professionals, technocrats and others associated with the world of engineering, got out of their comfort zone to make a connect with the farmer, the village, fields and barns .
in districts prone to floods and cyclones, an initiative names aapada mitra has been launched for training volunteers .
some must be engaged in teaching underprivileged children, others could be occupied in spreading awareness in the field of sanitation and health, while many could be doing society a service by working as doctor and engineers .
millions of the youth of the country renounced their studies, gave up their books .
similarly, whatever you have seen throughout india and whichever seven out of these you liked the best and you wish that someone should see these things, or should go there, should get information about them, then you must send photos and information of seven such tourist spots on mygov or on narendra modi app .
the way we jointly ran a mega campaign selfi with daughter, which spread globally similarly, this time, let us do a campaign bharat ki lami .
they will analyse the use of the cleanliness app and also about bringing reforms and improvements in various kinds of service centres .
these two brothers have brought pride to the nation .
which newer programmes can be initiated .
my dear countrymen, while some time ago, we were concerned about a drought like situation, these days, on the one hand, we are enjoying the rains, but on the other, reports of floods are also coming in .
the essence of the spirit of service can be felt in the bible too .
the completion of one thousand days, is an important milestone in our scientific journey, our space odyssey .
the task of fitting hearing aids to 600 hearing impaired divyang people in just eight hours was completed successfully .
a target has been set to use cattle dung, agricultural waste, kitchen waste to produce bio gas based energy .
peace, social harmony, unity, these are essential elements of a society .
the river flows under the rispana bridge before passing by my home .
i consider this to be a good omen .
i thank people for one more reason they have not only braved hardships, but have also powerfully given a retort to those limited few who have been trying to mislead them .
but, if we become aware at an early stage and put a stop to it, then a lot can be saved .
there a young person referred to developing a digital instrument that converts the written word into voice .
many years ago, what lord vishweshwara had done for democracy and empowerment of women can make for a very good subject to study in the world .
he wrote, i like listening to the programme mann ki baat .
the more you connect with us, our journey will gain greater depth, providing, satisfaction to one and all .
i want to gain an insight into your understanding .
today, the world over, christians are observing easter .
can we, this time around in society, organize programmes to felicitate daughters in villages, towns and cities .
sometimes it hurts when they are laughed at .
as i have said before, and i emphasize, that you must visit the northeast in your lifetime .
and today when two youths of my country made india proud in the us, i thought of it worth mentioning .
for this outstanding work, united nations environment programme or unep awarded champion of the earth award to sh .
it gives us great joy and happiness when we hear the news of festive celebration on the birth of a daughter .
and today, on 24th april, i am going to jharkhand, where mostly my tribal brothers and sisters stay in jharkhand i am going to celebrate panchayati raj divas .
they had sublimated all their dreams for the freedom of mother india .
no, i wont do that, but we will talk about it even though there is criticism, and then gradually, the change will happen .
the expenses are reduced as well, and the gift is well utilized too .
this is a pleasant experience in itself .
he has reminded me of a good deed by calling me .
i had mentioned from the red fort that why should there be interviews for the lower posts .
in such a difficult situation, our brave heart soldiers are not only protecting the borders of the country, but are also running a swacch siachen campaign in that arena .
today, the entire country, the youth, women, the marginalized, the underprivileged, the middle class, in fact every section has awakened to a new confidence .
a young engineer girl donated her first salary for this noble cause .
she has also secured a good rank in the clat exam .
i wish to share a very happy news with you today .
my dear countrymen and especially my young friends, you do remember the 21st of june now .
and when there is a festive mood of celebration, the best within us comes out .
a memorial that would house the valour saga series of our brave soldiers who laid down their lives, safe guarding their nations security .
this spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature .
i have always felt this way, like when i felt why class 3 and class 4 employees should be made to go through interviews we should trust the person who has given the exams and submitted the marks .
whether it is cyclone, or rail and road safety, all of these safety measures are being augmented by space technology .
asister from chhattisgarh collects custard apple and does business by making its ice cream .
there is a wonderful confluence of a sense of service and satisfaction .
there are many who regularly go to hospitals to serve patients .
and in india, ashoks life perfectly epitomizes the transformation from war to enlightenment .
now our schools are having toilets for girls as well as for boys .
when mann ki baat commenced, i had firmly decided that it would carry nothing political, or any praise for the government, nor modi for that matter anywhere .
jamuna tudu, famous nicknamed 'lady tarzan' in jharkhand, most valiantly took on the timber mafia and naxalites, and not only saved the 50 hectares of forest but also inspired ten thousand women to unite and protect the trees and wildlife .
during a foreign visit, diplomacy is practiced, there are trade deliberations, discussions about security and as is customary, many mous are concluded .
i know that these habits do not change overnight, and when we talk about it, we invite criticism .
i appreciate the views of ganesh jee and convey this message to the people of our country .
recently, just a few days ago, when the board examinations were held, 95 of the sons and daughters of kashmir, the young students appeared in the examinations .
that files associated with netaji be declassified has been a long standing demand for years .
these awards also attract attention in newspapers and television also .
i have been told about mamta sharma from bhopal .
at least 15 places and if possible, make a program to stay over there for an over night, twonight stay .
several youngsters went to the gallows .
look, i believe that this will be a great initiative to include peoples suggestion in framing my speech for 15th august .
the 2nd of october, this year, has a special significance .
my dear countrymen, there are many good events happening in the country, which are not widely discussed .
my dear fellow citizens, i now wish to talk about something that will compel us all to think .
besides, at present,it houses many centres of attraction such as cactus garden, butterfly garden, jungle safari, and childrens nutrition park, ekta nursery, which are all constantly evolving and providing a fillip to the local economy .
during the festival season, our festivals, our culture, our traditions are focused upon .
the citizens of australia gave equal respect to yoga and did yoga at the opera house .
each one became committed to do something .
ripudaman ji, once again, many thanks to you .
an effort was initiated which was named gobardhan galvanizing organic bio agro resources .
this phone call will also attract your attention .
but, my dear young friends, i once again tell you that i need your help in this task .
he never gave up hope .
all decisions have been taken unanimously by the states and the centre together .
we should feel indias diversity, touch it, feel its fragrance .
these lofty ideals of sardar sahab are relevant to and inspiring for our vision for a new india, even today .
im grateful to the honble president, honble vice president and madam speaker that inspite of their such high stature they took out time and they accorded importance to mann ki baat .
during these last days, many great aspects of atalji came up to the fore .
he would wake up at 5 in the morning, visit households one by one, awaken them and used gesticulations to wean them away from open defecation .
these ashram school students began training in august, 2017, covering wardha, hyderabad, darjeeling and lehladakh .
usually it takes a few hours to enter and exit that cave .
this stands for the sheer size spread of our democracy .
but still in our country, the duties and rights of citizens are not being debated and discussed as intensively and extensively as it should be done .
the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls .
he was the widest travelled of those times .
we have raised a very big issue regarding the supply of 24 hours electricity in the villages of our country .
that day, that moment, instills in us all a sense of duty .
but when the janata party won the general elections in 1977, he became the prime minister of the country .
we indians also feel proud that from vedic times to the modern day, sanskrit language has played a stellar role in the universal spread of knowledge .
my dear farmers, you should not be misled and definitely never be scared .
i request the listeners of mann ki baat to visit pandharpur wari at least once, whenever they get a chance .
mann ki baat, may 2018 .
i invite all of you .
i want to tell such people today whether you reform or not is up to you, whether you respect and follow the law or do otherwise is again up to you of course, the law will take its own course to decide on the requisite action .
it so happened that once i was interacting with indian youth in san jose town of america hailed as a technology hub .
following his orders, the tricolour was promptly unfurled there and the nefarious dreams of the neighbour of annexing lakshadweep were decimated within no time .
it was a very emotional moment for me .
translating a thought into reality was his forte .
he envisioned the welfare of all humanity and considered all castes to be equal .
and i see clearly that the news about cleanliness keeps pouring in .
this should also be supplied to those farmers who care about the health of their soil and are willing to improve its quality and also to those farmers whose soil quality has deteriorated because of over use of chemical fertilizers .
2500 crore digital transactions if we pay school fees, we shall do so not by cash but digitally, if we travel by train, travel by air, we shall pay digitally, if buy medicines, we shall pay digitally, if we run fair price shops, we will use the digital mode .
so, was there a provision for giving our information .
transform this campaign into a peoples movement .
and they shared a very good experience .
it was gandhijis wish that the lifestyle of the people of india be depicted through the medium of art and this artwork may be exhibited during the session .
though these stories were written about a century ago but remain relevant all the same even today .
aiming the ball at the crooked column of stone slats pitthoo, playing marbles, testing ones agility in kho kho, spinning the top, lattoo, or applying skills in swiftly flicking the tapered edged wooden peg and hitting it aloftgillidanda, innumerable games were an inseparable part of each every childs life from kashmir to kanyakumari, from kutch to kamrup .
it is a moment full of zest warmth .
in a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire seasoncycle of the country .
it has bestowed upon us a sense of security .
so, i thought i must share it with you .
i shall also request listeners of mann ki baat who are engaged in the field of sanskrit, to ponder over ways means to take komaljis suggestion forward .
this is what reinforces our belief that our nation will be clean one day, for sure .
the good news for me is that there has been an increase of approximately 50 in the production of pulses and an increase of around 33 in the production of oilseeds .
those who return after performing this pilgrimage become imbued with the feelings of warmth and kinship displayed by the people of the state .
it is a big occasion there which lasts for four days but this also has a unique significance in that it gives a very special message to society .
i see this as a good sign .
lal bahadur shashtri ji showed that even amidst the deafening sounds of gunfire and bombardment, there existed an alternative way for every citizen for expressing patriotism .
empowerment is another form of self reliance .
when sardar patel was informed of this, he wasted no time in initiating stern action .
weather forecasts are available these days and the concerned technology has become so advanced these days, and space science also plays a very big role, that these weather forecasts turn out to be mostly accurate now .
for farmers, the season just before onset of farming is of utmost importance .
the guiding mantra is the welfare of the villages and the poor farmers .
after all, our dream of 'new india' is the one where women are strong and empowered and are equal partners in the development of the country .
we should adopt cleanliness as a habit and should make provisions for cleanliness .
guru gobind singh ji was born in patna .
you must have seen for yourself that the political situation in our country is such that in the previous elections political parties made promises of giving each household 9 to 12 gas cylinders .
in this manner an atmosphere of competition for cleanliness has been created .
whatever has happened is good, but more good needs to be done .
we have many festivals and religious rituals which are based on worshiping nature and affection towards nature is a part of our everyday life this is true in case of all sections of society whether lettered or unlettered , rural or urban and even tribal communities .
but this month is also very special to all of us because of the festival of holi .
in a way, everyone is seen working towards the cause of cleanliness in a conscious manner .
every indian should have access to good governance and positive results of development .
prime minister namaskar, i am mona karnwal from bijnore .
there are lakhs of persons whose names i have not been able to include in mann ki baat but without any disappointment, they continue to send in their letters and comments .
my fellow citizens, it is true that military personnel guard not only our borders, but they stand as sentinels and fighters on every front of life .
peoples power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation .
when i get to read in your letters how a rickshaw puller from karimgunj in assam, ahmed ali, has built nine schools for underprivileged children, i witness firsthand the indomitable willpower this country possesses .
my dear countrymen, two days back on 23rd november, we all celebrated shri guru nanak dev jayanti and next year in 2019 we shall be celebrating his 550th prakash parv .
this is why diversity is the mantra of unity .
radhakrishnan ji .
a country like india should be ahead of everybody else in this field .
i feel it is good, dream big and achieve bigger successes .
of course, laxmi should be welcomed in the traditional way .
i can tell you from my experience of going around the world, that the amount we can learn by seeing the world is something we cannot even imagine .
i read a letter then try to weave it with the essence of a similar letter .
from then onwards, i get a chance to stay in different parts of the country .
last summer i had remembered it and asked you to put water in earthen bowls for the birds during summers .
sports, in a way, is a recipe that brings people together .
vikas krishna yadav reached the quarter finals in boxing but could not win bronze .
i have brought them to you, now it is your job to keep them going .
for india, world war i was an important event .
in individual households, festivals and cleanliness are linked together .
i extend my heartiest congratulations to him and his coach for this victory .
your concerns are right but this just does not happen in punjab and haryana alone .
i believe that even if the kumbh mela is a religious and spiritual occasion, we can turn it into a social occasion .
and this practice kept on spreading and now it is contributing to global climate change .
and from that emanated my feeling and resolve that this diwali must be dedicated to our security forces .
mahatma gandhi often used to say, one must care about a world one will not see this means that it is our duty to be concerned about the world which we shall not see and to care for that .
you should have seen the enthusiasm of those boys and girls they had brought a big photo album with them and their faces were lit with joy .
i am very sure that by sitting together we shall definitely find solutions to our problems, find ways to move ahead and also pave a better path for future generations in kashmir .
i had urged all of you to celebrate indias narishakti, the power and achievement of women, thereby felicitating the lakshmi of india .
atalji changed it .
today, he has become a source of inspiration not only in jammu kashmir but for the youth of the whole country .
there has just been a single objective behind it restoration of peace .
and those who opened their accounts under the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, have received the benefit of insurance as well .
in january about 6,000 players participated in 18 disciplines in the khelo india youth games held in pune .
and there is a saying tain tyakten bhunjhita what is given by him, allotted to you, you enjoy that .
if you couldnt wake up at the decided time in the morning and were thus delayed, now can you get up early on time .
she launched the satyagrah and stopped eating and she did that not to ask something for herself, not to demand good clothes or have sweets .
sant kabir das ji, through his verses saakhis and dohas stressed upon the virtues of social equality, peace and brotherhood .
recently, i came to know about the inspiring story of anjum bashir khan khattak who is a topper in kashmir administrative service examination .
they must have shown a great sense of understanding and farsightedness and that too at a juncture when the country was getting rid of the bondage of slavery .
but dear friends, you are my true soldiers, my true partners .
and he told me that he could mimic the prime minister .
she is the first indian woman to win a gold in the individual table tennis category too .
for centuries, our forefathers have imbibed community values, nonviolence, mutual respect these are inherent to us .
but sometimes it so happens, that the efforts of the society and its contribution, get wiped from our collective memory .
i congratulate and thank those persons for their talent and skills .
it can be recycled .
every indian, irrespective of region, caste, religion, sect or language, is ever eager to express joy and show solidarity with our soldiers .
mahatma gandhi used to say, no science has dropped from the skies in a perfect form .
this was a very good experience for me .
shilpa, i am very grateful to you that you have articulated something so sensitive in so simple a manner .
the wisdom of our ancestors is truly praiseworthy .
we have adapted ourselves to myriad kinds of ideologies, different ways of worshipping and all types of traditions and imbibed the art of coexistential living .
my dear countrymen, shriman dattatraya ramchandra bendre, gyanpith laureate and poet has described the significance of the month of sawan in this manner in his poem .
this forged a strong bond between sikh followers and kashmir .
let us take the example of mr sachin tendulkar .
conducting such events creates continuous awareness in social life rashtram jagryam vyayam means internal vigilance is the prize of liberty .
can we use it to provide assistance to farmers on crop yield .
i do hope that you will pay a visit to the national soldiers memorial and the national police memorial .
yoga for unity and a harmonious society conveys a message that has permeated the world over .
besides whatever i have said, there is a very long list of examples of the tribal communities which teach us how to keep a close coordination and make adjustments with the nature and the nation is indebted to our tribal people for the forest land that is still remaining with us .
you might have noticed one recent incident, a unique example of grit, determination and patriotism that was witnessed by all countrymen .
under the auspices of this campaign starting from january 26, 2018, these women constructed 1 lakh 70 thousand toilets in just 20 days and made a record of sorts .
but, the picture of new india is altogether different .
friends, the fifa under17 world cup was organized this month .
all of you know that this day comes just once in four years .
we have even converted the knowledge about food into a science .
the remains of the crop are themselves very valuable .
i would like to reiterate to my countrymen, and specially to my young friends that we are alive aware beings .
my dear countrymen, till date, we have been hearing about the myriad types of festivals be it music festivals, food festivals, film festivals and many other kinds of festivals .
and you must have heard about gujarat .
a visually challenged little girl child gauri shardul, hailing from far flung forest area in the dang district, can recite the complete ramayana epic as she has learnt it by heart .
despite such inclement weather there are some extraordinarily aware people who deliver results that are exemplary and inspiring for all of us .
the sole aim behind this step is ensuring availability of uality affordable health service to the poorest of the poor, so that a healthy prosperous india comes into being .
it has contributed a great deal in fostering better relations with many countries of the world .
let there be strivings for the realisation of these millions and millions of resolves .
om shanti shanti shanti .
their dedication and vigour can make each indian feel proud .
and the law regarding benami property that has been enacted and is being implemented is very stringent and it is going to be extremely tough on wrong doers .
these operations have been carried out in korea, cambodia, laos, vietnam, congo, cyprus, liberia, lebanon, sudan and many other parts of the world .
on reading further, i came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology .
yoga is a guarantee of wellness and fitness both .
the prime minister of canada has shared on twitter a picture of him lighting a lamp on the occasion of diwali .
my friends from the social media can run a few creative campaigns and thus become a source of inspiration in the virtual world, to see results in the real world .
it felt as if we were celebrating diwali together with a hundred and twenty five crore indians .
ours is the country of buddha and gandhi, it is the land of sardar patel who gave up his all for the unity of the nation .
the stand up scheme and jan dhan account scheme are aimed at freeing these people from the clutches of notorious moneylenders .
on may 11, 1998, at indias western end a nuclear test was conducted in pokhran, rajasthan .
we want to move forward devoting our lives in the interest of the nation .
and sometimes the news is very bizarre, never seen or never heard of .
so it is right to say that there is an atmosphere all around of positive news .
it was in south africa, where mahatma gandhi had started his first satyagraha and stood rock steady in protest of apartheid .
but this is new india, where we accomplish goals in the quickest time possible we doubled our tiger numbers in 2019 itself .
it will lead to a better understanding of the moon on our part .
we have to go from door to door associating everybody in order to place the bhim app in 125 crore hands .
the good news for our young friends is that the fifa under 17 world cup is being organized in india, from the 6th to the 28th of october .
life is very precious .
on 31st october, this year too run for unity is being organized in consonance with previous years .
i convey my best wishes to our mens hockey team for this tournament and assure them that 125 crore indians are supporting them .
it is not that we have reached the ideal yet, but the way we have achieved success in odf clean public spaces, it displays the collective will strength of the resolve of a hundred thirty crore countrymen .
since 1995, 12th january, the birth anniversary of vivekananda is celebrated as the national youth festival .
our young generation must know what had happened on the 9th of august 1942 .
so i call upon all of you today to defeat diabetes and free ourselves from tuberculosis .
i request the citizens to follow pawans advice in the coming festivals if we do so then the lamp may well be lit not only in our homes but it will illuminate the house of the poor .
they have to mould themselves according to the local needs and environment .
one can find many villages where there is a desire to store water at hivrebazaar the farmers tackled the issue by changing the cropping pattern .
in the evening, take your football or your volleyball or any other sports item and go to a colony of poor and lesser privileged people .
when the opponents keep on trying out new tactics, we have to counteract decisively, since we have resolved to eradicate the corrupt, shady businesses and black money .
they will need to face the truth on their thinking that burning the remains of crops helps save time and effort and prepares the field for the next crop .
i am happy that in such a short span of time, it has just been 15 days but the government is moving at a very fast pace information is being disseminated and soon the decision will be enforced and small jobs will be made free of interviews .
through its highly competitive launch services, india today not only propels satellites of developing countries but also those of developed nations .
during diwali, khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise .
we should also gradually make it our nature to set our work patterns according to the weather predictions, which could safeguard us against losses .
it was here, he developed the philosophy of his satyagraha and his methods of struggle .
mann ki baat has turned my faith into belief and reverence and once again i would like to salute this immense power of the people through this platform .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, a dgp conference was held at kevdia on the banks of narbada in gujarat, where the world's highest statue 'statue of unity' is situated, there i had a meaningful discussion with the top policemen of the country .
so, when people register in egem, all the government departments become aware of them .
two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of shastriji along with respected bapus birth anniversary .
yet, even amidst the reports of these floods, some such events happened which should be remembered .
it is going to be a joyous moment for me .
if you tell the world about whatever good has happened in your life because of your teachers, peoples attitude towards teachers would change .
the government continuously endeavours to take a feedback from them .
i specially call upon schools, parents, enthusiastic teachers mentors to strive hard to ensure victory for their respective schools .
thank you very much, raman ji .
just imagine the highest battlefield in the world, where the temperature drops from zero to 5060 degrees minus .
my dear countrymen, with my best wishes to all of you for 2018, my speech draws to a close .
we feel that we live in very good houses with proper arrangements being totally unaware that water is collecting at some location in the house and that we are inviting dengue .
when i was in gujarat, all our workers used to walk the streets seeking donations of old toys from families and then presented these toys to anganwadis in poor neighbourhoods .
the need of the hour is to synergise those strengths and talents, to provide opportunities, to implement them .
the reason behind it is the purusharth, the resolute yet selfless inner strength of such illustrious sons daughters of mother india .
today, it is our duty to ensure the participation of women in every field of life, be it social or economic life, it is our fundamental duty .
i once again bow paying my obeisance to shri guru gobind singh ji .
in 1899, plague broke out in calcutta and hundreds of people lost their lives in no time .
it will perhaps be difficult for us to forget the years summer .
there is no limit whatever that comes to your mind but only with a genuine wish, a noble intention, within the realms of harmony, and with complete dedication that too for the sake of enjoying that rare inner bliss, the core of swaantah sukhaayah .
it is on account of this feat that he has been chosen as one of the 32 para swimmers for the 2020 paralympics by the sports authority of india they will be imparted training at the centre for excellence at gandhinagar in gujarat .
sunday, the last sunday, at 11 oclock, even i used to be uneasy, with a nagging feeling of a kind of emptiness you too felt the same, didnt you .
and that is why, in our society, women have been accorded the status of shakti .
just imagine, what will happen if there is no fertile soil in the world .
so while speaking to these daughters, i put forth a different viewpoint before them .
you have presented that with a constructive approach .
i am receiving news from many railway stations in the country where the local populace has taken to depicting on the walls of the railway stations, their areas identity, through means of their arts .
climate change, altered weather cycles, and transformations in the environment, are also having a big negative impact .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, i read a very interesting comment on my gov .
over the last few days, the festival of christmas was celebrated across the world with gaiety and fervor .
my dear countrymen i always feel that if we look around us, somewhere or something good always happens .
this should in fact become a mass movement .
because even the british who raised a mighty empire used to be terrified of him .
the hard work of the farmers has resulted in a record production of food grains .
these days many guests from foreign countries have arrived in india .
we take pride in the fact that the satellites developed by our students and sounding rockets have reached space .
if 125 crore indians take dutiful steps one after the other, they can make history but at least lets start with discussions .
he was renowned to be a masterly scholar of languages such as english, sanskrit and kannada .
in squash, boxing, weightlifting and shooting the performance of women turned out to be par excellence .
india will remain ever grateful to atalji for bringing the 91st amendment act, 2003 .
yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness .
the education regarding importance of food is essential right from childhood .
of course i hope, that all of you will devote some of your precious time to visit the statue of unity .
some friend of mine had sent me a link and i had the opportunity to see it .
produce reduced which resulted in lower income and gradually the productivity of the soil also was going down .
in 2005, there was a very heavy downpour in mumbai, which resulted in flooding, and even high tides in the sea, leading to terrible hardships .
however, india has nothing but faith and faith only and supreme confidence in her hundred and twenty five crore countrymen that they will certainly fulfill their resolve .
2611 is our constitution day but how can the nation forget that on this very day nine years ago, terrorists had launched an attack on mumbai .
my best wishes to all the young people about to begin a new innings .
a movement to instill respect for our forces will come into being in the country .
then, from balbeer singh senior, leslie claudius, mohammad shahid, udham singh to dhan raj pillai, indian hockey has had a very long journey .
this time i put some issues before them .
indias former president shriman abdul kalamji used to speak of nanajis contribution in rural development while talking to the youth .
dengue first enters affluent localities and we should try and understand it .
come, imbued with renewed inspiration, renewed zeal, renewed resolution, new accomplishments, loftier goals lets move on, keep moving, change oneself and change the country too .
a person writing to the prime minister of the country, but seeking nothing for ones own self .
she did it in honour of her father jasmer singh ji who sells lassi, at a stall in panipat .
may your blessings remain there for me .
this monsoon season, there should be mass plant sowing campaigns conducted by youth and social organizations .
i believe this to be a good portent .
you can imagine the kind of resources and manpower that was required for such a mammoth exercise .
it was such a striking photo that my attention was magnetically drawn towards it .
i will suggest all the parents to be careful along with enjoying diwali and see to it that the kids should not get hurt or any untoward incident should not happen and we lose our child due to accidents .
i used to work as a volunteer there during those days, i got a chance to go to a village and had a chance to meet a lady of more than a hundred years of age .
just think twohundreddays of continuous labour .
you can film a twothreeminute movie that inspires cleanliness .
we could collectively try and stop open defecation in so many blocks and so many districts .
open was discussed on the other, runner up daniil medvedevs speech was equally doing the rounds in public discourse, especially on social media .
they were not just mere theories at present we witness at every step how accurate bapu's words were .
on the previous three international yoga days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm .
the vastness and diversity of india, in fact, at times even rains play hide seek through partiality laced likes dislikes .
i sincerely hope that large numbers of eligible young people will get themselves registered as voters, thus forging a partnership in the quest to further strengthen our democracy .
but we still have to work to save our mothers and our children .
last month, we had launched three insurance schemes .
he derivedinspiration and endurancefor spending many years in jail from bapu himself .
youth is losing their interest in science, which is a matter of great concern .
in rajasthan apna bachcha, apna vidyalaya campaign is being run to readmit those girls into schools, who had dropped out, in order to encourage and motivate them to start studying again .
just as the five years from 1942 to 1947 were decisive for the countrys independence, these five years from 2017 to 2022 can and must play a decisive role for the future of india .
but my appeal is, that every indian who takes out time to travel must visit at least 15 tourist destinations of india with family and experience a night stay at whichever place you go to .
a farmer's daughter, akshaya basavani kamat, from karnataka won a gold medal in weightlifting .
on the other hand, many people have mentioned in their letters all kinds of wrongdoing which are going on how newer wily ways and means are being devised .
let's sit together and while enjoying mann ki baat try to fulfill the responsibilities of life .
chalking out plans and devising strategies was his core forte' .
in this series of festivals, eiduluha will be celebrated in a few days from now .
can you too, being a tourist, lay stress on cleanliness at tourist destinations .
a kind of a pressure has been created in public places and now people resist if someone tries to spoil or to make a public place dirty in any way and even those spoiling public places are also feeling this pressure .
the government of india will make an in depth inhouse analysis and will study the practices being followed around the world .
and it is said that lakhs of years ago it was all one landmass later from the indian ocean two parts got separated .
this point made by gurbachan singh ji appears quite ordinary but this reveals how tall and strong his personality is and we have seen that there are many families in our society who connect their individual matters with the benefit of the society as a whole .
how many varieties of cuisines there are .
well, the question has been posed by srishti, but it is a question that must be there in the minds of all of you .
gandhi returned to india in 1915, and in 1917, he went to a small village in bihar and gave the country a new inspiration .
this signifies that ram ramayan continues to inspire and have a positive impact, not just in india, but in that part of the world too .
there are certain people in society, who find no solace till they do not express their frustrated views, their depressed views and seek ways to divide rather than unite .
i repeatedly tell my farmer brethren that instead of wasting our land in building fences around our fields, why dont we start planting timber trees there .
my dear countrymen, we are extremely delighted and proud of the mars mission success .
six months or so before independence, on the 27th of january, 1947, the world famous international magazine time had a photograph of sardar patel on the cover page of that edition .
this being a hilly area, the farmers did not get a fair price of their produce .
i too am making a separate arrangement for their experiences on the narendramodiapp to ensure that you can read it .
suraj ji, i dedicate your sentiments to all our sportspersons and extend to them the warmest and heartiest wishes from my side and on behalf of us 1 .
flood affected areas are being closely monitored .
but, i did not know chai par charcha could be linked to a marriage also .
besides being a sensitive poet, he was also a courageous revolutionary .
it is so cold there that its near impossible for anything to decompose .
mandela used to consider bapu as his role model .
we have seen around us, that, even if the father in any house is a chain smoker, still he tries to stop the rest of the household from smoking and wants his children not to fall prey to the habit of cigarettes or bidis .
shobha jalan has written to me on the narendramodiapp that many in the public are not aware of the achievements of isro .
play fifa on the computer, but sometimes show your skills with the football out in the field .
our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour .
sardar saheb was also a member of the constituent assembly .
i used to learn quite a lot from those young children .
it is said that bhagini nivedita was the inspiration .
if someone refers to sanitation and cleanliness, he or she invariably voices angst against filth dirt, but on the same page appreciates efforts being under way to ensure cleanliness .
different languages, different castes, different attires, different food habits and despite all these, unity in diversity remains our binding strength .
so what you are saying is true that our concern before and after the festival should be the same .
recently, an event was organised in telengana under the leadership of the secretary of our ministry of water and sanitation of the government of india, in which senior officers from 23 state governments participated .
but, when we mention ganesh utsav, it is natural to remember lokmanya tilak ji .
he first picked up a laddoo from a glass container, offered the sweetmeat to me said, sir, eat this before the tea get ready .
guru gobind singh ji preached the virtues of sublime human values and at the same time, practiced them in his own life in letter spirit .
expectation on the part of parents and teachers is the root cause of the problem .
positive power is the biggest energy .
my dear countrymen, especially my young friends, we have been getting glad tidings from the field of sports .
subhash babu will always be remembered as a brave soldier and adept organiser .
we should take this thing forward .
we are steadily working on it .
for 70 years, the lives of the denizens of three villages of the elephanta island, rajbunder, morbandar and centabandar, were engulfed by darkness, which has got dispelled now and there is brightness in their lives .
and just as technology plays an increasingly bigger role in our economic system, it also invites those who misuse it .
you can contribute to the site .
i hope that when you set out on a journey during the coming holidays you can contribute something to cleanliness too .
from remote villages to metro cities, from farmers to young professionals the array just prompted me to embark upon this journey of mann ki baat .
i sincerely urge you to visit at least one place associated with mahatma gandhi in the days to come .
a soldier wrote to me mr prime minister, we soldiers have all the festivals like holi and diwali on the borders .
there have been successes .
we keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people .
as a researcher, i have been specially interested in financial inclusion .
now, if all of us, that is, our armed forces, people in the government, fulfill our respective responsibilities sincerely, and all of us countrymen, each citizen make some constructive contribution imbued with the feeling of patriotism, our country will most definitely scale greater heights .
independence day should not be a government event, it should be the celebration of the entire people .
2nd october is the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri ji .
plans should be drawn to achieve that pledge and taken forward with the cooperation of all citizens .
lakhs of people have posted photos on twitter, facebook and instagram .
one of the main reasons for being afflicted with such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and the changes in our eating habits .
the aim of this gobar dhan scheme is ensuring cleanliness in villages and generating wealth and energy by converting cattle dung and solid agricultural waste into compost and bio gas .
come on, let us express our gratitude towards them .
these are the strength of our nation, they are my youth, they are the future of my country .
till now 66 lakh people have received 42,000 crore rupees through pradhan mantri mudra yojana .
we can set a target of achieving record plantation of trees this time and not only plant trees but also nurture and maintain the saplings till they grow .
guru gobind singh ji had inherited courage to fight for justice from the legacy of sikh gurus .
this was the very month, the month of may 1857, when indians had displayed their strength against the british .
seventy thousand traders also won the prizes instituted for them .
dear countrymen, as the time of mann ki baat draws near, a very large number of suggestions are received on mygov or narendramodiapp .
i publically say during elections that one must cast his vote before he eats his food .
as a party worker i had the privilege of working with atalji .
we cannot evaluate the champaran satyagraha on the basis of the image of mahatma gandhi that we cherish in our hearts today .
do it only if you can .
we spend extravagantly in high places, without a single thought, but when it comes to our hardworking brethren, we quarrel with them over small amounts .
in the same way today we may feel that even by making a tiny contribution i may be contributing in a big way to help in the economic upliftment and economic empowerment of my country and help fight a battle against poverty by lending strength to the poor .
while we are talking of the month of sawan, you will be glad to learn that the number of pilgrims in the amarnath yatra this year has been the greatest in the past 4 years .
yesterday was the 150th birth anniversary of sister nivedita .
azads courage and passion for freedom inspired the youth of the day .
mann ki baat gives me a great opportunity to be connected with you .
shyama prasad mukherjee was the first industries minister of india and, in a sense, helaid a strong foundation for indias industrial development, he had prepared a solid base, it was he who had prepared a stout platform .
when i address election rallies, sometimes i suffer from a sore throat or a hoarse voice .
if we just look around, we find that it is the youth who are bringing in transformation of society in a big way, may it be social entrepreneurship, startups, sports or any other field .
your letters are also discussed on akashvani .
new people kept coming forward each time in place of those who departed and the country kept on every moment endeavouring tirelessly to uproot the british rule .
on the occasion of lord jagannaths car festival, i extend my heartiest greetings to all my fellow countrymen, and offer my obeisance to lord jagannath .
millions and millions of people from india and around the world congregate at one place .
i dont get offended by all this .
the 31st of october is the birth anniversary of our beloved sardar vallabhbhai patel .
today our nari shakti is assuming leadership roles .
simultaneously, the twin festive connects of jud sheetal and satuwain in bihar, and poila vaisakh in west bengal will envelop everyone with joy and delight .
it implies that we are able to provide eye transplant services to only one out of the four needy persons .
its a vagary of nature that some places have received higher rainfall compared to other places .
the government is committed to fight all such wrongdoings and maladies .
this time, in the india pavilion at the venice biennale, a very interesting exhibition based on memories of gandhiji was organized .
but the concern you have expressed is genuine .
the country should celebrate his centenary year as garib kalyan varsh, year for welfare of the poor .
you can still see it .
the ministry of drinking water and sanitation has organized, the swachch sankalp se swachcha siddhi pratiyogita, from the resolve of cleanliness to attaining cleanliness competition comprising an essay competition, a short film making competition and a painting competition .
it becomes a source of the economic activities for even the poor sections of the society .
i am very happy that a lot of news stories related to cleanliness keep appearing in the media space .
there has been an increase in the disgust towards squalor .
my dear countrymen, i request every month before mann ki baat that you please give your suggestions, share your thoughts .
lakhs of teachers, officers staff strived day night to make it possible .
that is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received .
come, let us pay tribute to sardar sahab .
indian universities can also compete with world class universities, and they should .
but my experience was different .
media also prominently highlights such programmes, a few days ago, i went to kutch in gujarat .
we know very well, that tremendous hard work is required to achieve anything worthwhile, whether it is in ones own life or for the society .
71 countries, including india, participated therein .
let me sometimes try to live those very emotions .
each indian who plays any game or has interest in any game has a definite interest in hockey .
living in the midst of such adverse conditions and challenges is not less than any display of valour .
while we were all delighted with the tidings of enthusiasm and celebration of 26th january, at the same time, some of our army jawans posted in kashmir for the defense of the country, achieved martyrdom due to the avalanche .
my dear countrymen, i will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of mann ki baat .
by misguiding the poor, enticing them through the vices of avarice and temptation, wrongfully pumping money into their bank accounts, or getting them to undertake some wrong activities, some people are trying to save their black money .
we shall prepare a roadmap on how we can do better .
i have come to know about a very inspiring work started by the entire team of government officials in harda district, madhya pradesh .
my good wishes again to all my dear countrymen jai hind .
you will be amazed to learn that tushar, an eight year old differently abled, divyang lad from madhya pradesh had taken a firm resolve to make his village open defecation free .
the municipal councils and corporations in gujarat, numbering over 150 have been declared free from open defecation .
i salute him .
fit india does not mean that if we go to the gym for two hours every morning and evening, it will suffice .
in diwali we burst fire crackers of all kinds .
it gives me joy, feels nice .
india defeated pakistan in the final of the blind t20 world cup held earlier this month to become world champions for the second consecutive time and thus raised our national prestige to a new height .
but there is another interesting thing, some people ask me one thing albeit with some hesitation modi ji, you were speaking in hindi and bear grylls does not know hindi, so how did you carry on such a fast conversation between the two of you .
it is a practice in the entire country and traditionally we follow this method of burning off the remains of the crops or the straw .
this is a historic achievement for not just isro but for all of india .
his effort is that no family member should take to smoking .
i also did not see a connect is in this but, after receiving this phone call, i also started thinking that the point made there was pertinent .
and we should never underestimate its value .
they should impart to this as much strength as they can with their new ideas, technology and processes .
one sardar, as history goes, sardar vallabhbhai patel was the second great man after chanakya who carried on the stupendous job of uniting our country .
various types of cards are available .
if it is found in tehsil, then there is no need to go to the district .
ashwani ji has written i celebrate the festival, feel happy and smilei celebrate the festival, fee happy and smileall this is because you are there,i want to tell you today that you are the guardian of my freedom,my gift of joy is there just because you are therei sleep peacefully .
i invite you come, do not just support this transformation but become one of its leading soldiers and ensure that we achieve the desired transformation .
to save democracy, morarji desai flung himself in the movement against imposition of emergency .
and it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean .
and i am happy that we could manage to do the same .
firstly, i am most grateful to such conscientious citizens .
today in every home, the first thing that the parents dream of is to give their children good education .
many rich people came and donated bountifully .
this is our intention behind the mudra scheme .
paighambar hazrat mohammad sahab was born on this day .
we have successfully connected the whole world through yoga .
we, indians, are very lucky that our ancestors have created such a tradition that today india and its 1 .
we should also contribute towards their welfare .
they should have a feeling of team spirit and the qualities of a good leader for their overall holistic development .
schools, colleges, offices, parks, skyscrapers, playgrounds came alive as yoga venues .
when i say fit india, i believe that the more we play, the more we will inspire the country to come out play .
the government of papua new guinea sent an sosmessage to us in june and our navy rendered help in saving the fishermen of a fishing boat .
test captain virat kohli batted extremely well and also provided inspiring leadership .
in andhra pradesh it is called gotibilla or karrabilla in odisha its called gulibadi and in maharashtra, vittidaaloo .
and through social media and namo app, you can also see its live telecast .
this is amply demonstrated by the dwarapudi gram panchayat .
i will try to make it reach out to you in your language .
some persons prepared drawings, made rangolis, drew cartoons .
it is a vision to inspire the children to discover new stars, while gazing at them .
every citizen of the country wants to do something for the benefit of others, for social good, for the countrys progress .
in mayjune this year when there was a severe flood in sri lanka, three ships of our navy reached there immediately and helped the government and the people there .
they set out on the march to the sound of the bugle for freedom .
many many thanks .
you get your due wages in full, without anybody extracting a cut .
and therefore it is necessary to remember that 'a happy mind is the secret for a good mark sheet .
the number of people who voted in the 2019 lok sabha election is more than the entire population of america, close to double the figure the total number of voters in india exceeds the entire population of europe .
this is the power of our tourism .
my best wishes and blessings to these daughters .
we know that whenever an indian achieves something notable, the whole country feels a new energy and the selfconfidence gets a boost .
shri varun vishwanathan has also written on narendramodiapp that our athletes did a commendable job and that i should talk about this in mann ki baat .
it would be impossible to express in words the story of the supreme sacrifice of bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru .
to give cashless trading a big impetus, government of india has taken a very major decision .
on the other hand, if we are able to avoid wastage, the family too benefits economically .
on the 16th of may, a team comprising five tribal students of an ashram school in chandrapur, maharashtra maneesha dhurve, pramesh ale, umakant madhavi, kavidas katmode and vikas soyam scaled the worlds highest peak .
i extend many felicitations to you .
pitthoo is one such game some called it lagori, at other places it was satoriya, saat pathar, dikori, satodiya one game with many names .
this year marks the centenary of the champaran satyagraha .
on this occasion kalam saheb had recited a poem dedicated to revered swamiji .
it forges a link between us and many asian countries like china, japan, korea, thailand, cambodia, and myanmar where buddhist traditions and his preaching are a part of their origins .
in this context i feel like sharing with you something very interesting .
you and i shared many thoughts and ideas the entire year .
i had urged them to focus on these childrens future, on their return home .
the entire state thus resolved to fight against these social evils .
im also ready to do this on your behalf .
she fought with malaria and prepared the entire village to fight against it .
at various places in the country, exhibitions have been organised by our armed forces in order to apprise the maximum number of citizens, especially the younger generation, of the might we possess .
and wherever he went he won hearts through his straightforwardness, humility and simplicity .
upi is a very useful platform for carrying on trade activities which enables you to make purchases, send money and even receive money .
it is during this period that the sun enters uttarayan due to northward movement of the earth on the celestial sphere and enters the makardasha .
on behalf of all our countrymen, i salute every soldier of our security forces who guard the countrys borders with utmost dedication and a spirit of sacrifice, braving all odds .
on this pious occasion of navratri, i convey my best wishes to our countrymen and pray to ma shakti to let our country attain newer heights so that the desires and expectations of all our countrymen get fulfilled .
he was a social reformer .
so, when i was taking suggestions for mann ki baat, most of the suggestions offered related to what should be done to beat the heat during summer time .
india is full of diversities .
the son of this hard working farmer gurbachan singh ji was to be married .
and its not just about you acquiring the right to vote .
democracy was embedded deep in baba sahebs nature and he used to say that indias democratic values have not been imported from outside .
i witnessed it some time back when i asked the countrymen to give up their cooking gas subsidy and they responded wholeheartedly .
i request the youngsters, especially the it professionals, that all of you should come together to create an online yoga activity program .
therefore, we need to not only conserve our forests, flora and fauna, but also create an environment wherein they can flourish properly .
this startup india, standup india should not be limited to a few cities only it should spread to every corner of india .
in fact, it is a national loss .
it will become a case study for universities across the world .
now an independent pipeline has been constructed .
everyone wanted me to speak in more detail about the 500 1000 rupee notes .
and, now the farmer also realizes that proper soil care is needed if production is to be increased and that if we take care of our soil, it will also care for all of us .
extracting answers, he showed the right path to humanity .
and it was at the same time, that this event left a very deep impact on a twelveyearold boy .
friends together, on october 2, 2014, we had embarked on a memorable journey together to clean our country and to get rid of open defecation .
i am from gujarat i known of a game played in gujarat called chomal isto .
especially our childrens achievements, their feats fill us up with energy .
and i am not saying this on government lines .
veer savarkarji had written a book majhi jannmathep while in incarceration .
this is what begets new science, new technology .
raipur inspired various types of such garbage or trash festivals in other districts too .
i congratulate our young friend, kidambi srikanth for this feat and enhancing the prestige of india .
solid and not liquid food .
gst is probably be the biggest tax reform in the world .
my dear countrymen, from next week festive season will be ushered in with navratri and durga puja, vijayadashmi, preparations for deepavali and all such activities .
and all this has been possible due to your cooperation and especially because understanding the importance of tourism has increased .
whatever post he held in his life, he always tried to live like a teacher, an educator .
people with physical and mental disabilities are capable of unparalleled courage and capability .
impressed by the bold initiative of these farmers, the administration has also linked this to the national livelihood mission .
the country salutes the indomitable courage of meena ji, wife of martyr prasanna sahu of jagatsinghpur, odisha .
this tremendous participation of youth and women is a major glorious dimension in isros success .
the young karun nair scored a triple century and k .
to know where i stood yesterday and where i stand today .
it should be the collective voice of 125 crores countrymen .
beyond awards, there should be some more efforts from our society in acknowledging their contribution .
thirdly, there is another group of letter writers, also existing in large numbers .
the country really needs support in these things where people need to go out and help each other and the ambitious target of one per million organ donation is a very productive steps taken by the government i feel that this topic is very important .
they should not be forced off the playing fields to be locked in rooms with books .
she hails from a small village tenda gaon in balasore district where most of the population is scheduled tribe .
this entire movement has become a peoples movement .
today our woman power has shown inner fortitude and selfconfidence, has made herself selfreliant .
crediting money directly into bank accounts via aadhar aims at directly sending money to the beneficiaries .
this is why we are introducing it in the market and it will be available for the citizens in the coming week, before dhanteras 5gm and 10gm of gold coins with ashok chakra are being introduced .
this is the real story of indian sports which are witnessing an upswing with each passing day .
all of us are experiencing global warming, climate change now .
as we celebrate teachers day this year can we come together and take a resolve .
india has always been giving a message of peace, unity and harmony to the world .
yet, once again i want to offer you your own precious thoughts, woven together on the singular thread of mann ki baat .
the preliminary information that i have, notifies me that from launch till date around 11 crore families have joined this scheme .
but, later, i received letters from all corners of the country many social organizations and many youth are already observing this in practice .
similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for lok sabha and for state assemblies .
the story also brings to the fore other aspects of the life of the iron man of india .
it will infuse a fresh energy, newer enthusiasm into them .
collectivity is also a way of life, collectivity is power in itself .
why this discrimination .
i do not know how you will take my suggestions but it is not just me but many other people saying the same thing .
many good people out there are involved in beneficial work .
one shri sachin has written to urge that in mann ki baat this time a mention may please be made about sindhu, saakshi and deepa karmakar .
even the global economic experts who used to live in a world of their calculations would find this phenomenon to be beyond their limits of traditional wisdom .
he writes that the flight of our courageous defence minister nirmala seetharaman in a sukhoi 30 fighter plane is inspirational for him he also refers to insv tarini, with an all women crew on board under the command of vartika joshi, which is currently circumnavigating the globe .
anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here i am, engaging you in matters close to my heart .
tomorrow, on august 31st the deadline for this ordinance ends .
and i also specially request you to visit the place and see for yourself the works of gurudev rabindranath tagore ji .
new places, new cities, new towns, new villages, new areas .
water is of great importance in our culture .
anshul sharma, resident of himachal pradesh has written on mygov that i should talk about examinations and exam warriors .
one falls short of words in assessing the enormous contribution of our armed forces, police and para military forces in the strides of progress achieved by the country .
just like last year, cant you gift on the occasion of raksha bandhan pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojna or jeevan jyoti bima yojna to mothers and sisters of our country .
recently our daughters performed brilliantly in the womens cricket world cup .
this also inspires us to accomplish our responsibilities within a record time .
i have tried to draw these rules for myself, but i dont know whether ill be able to stick to them .
my dear countrymen, i always say, those who play, also bloom and this time, many young players making their debut have bloomed in kheloindia .
you must get connected with it, get information about this initiative, add some new facet to poshan abhiyaan by contributing to it .
it was analyzed by every segment of society .
all signals indicate that our farmers have broken all previous records .
almost in every state, a big plantation campaign gets underway with the onset of monsoon .
you are absolutely right .
i salute these valiant soldiers and pay my tributes to them .
all of us know that in a few days time, the worlds largest sports event, the biggest sports carnival will take place .
one of the boys, kshitij, is a student of class 7 .
and such experiments are done by many people .
here, a strong resolve of maintaining cleanliness also is as important as the strict discipline observed during worship .
i would like to draw the attention of my dear countrymen to another menace .
but besides these sterling qualities, he was also a striking poet and a social reformer who always emphasized on goodwill and unity .
cash can be transferred even with a phone with ordinary features .
therefore promotion of yoga is a great example of social service .
festivals infuse new life into individuals as well as the society .
but the case of ecigarettes is quite different .
at the same time, experiments that the person has attempted or seen also come to the surface, with vivid descriptions of new ideas on the issue .
toilet pits in six houses were emptied and cleaned and the officers personally demonstrated that the used up pits of twin pit toilet can be emptied and then reused .
in a remote area of arunachal pradesh, just for a lone woman voter, a polling station was created .
many famous personalities including actress raveena tandon became a part of it .
and today i am pleased to share this after one year that nearly two crore people have visited mygov website .
acceptance brings about new avenues in finding solutions to problems .
come, let us pledge to come together to wipe out these evil customs from our social fabric .
a similar story is that of sitavaa jodatti from karnataka .
my experience regarding youth is different .
people have shared information on traditional methods .
bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness .
there cannot be a single formula for dealing with water crisis across the country .
jharkhand, a huge state is primarily tribal .
even a common man can download the narendra modi app and get connected to me .
in congo and southern sudan more than twenty thousand patients were treated in hospitals of the indian army and countless lives were saved .
even such hardships were not able to cow down her zest devotion .
my dear countrymen, i too am an ordinary citizen like you and like any ordinary citizen i too am influenced by good or bad things .
once again, i bow and pay tributes to the two great sons of bharat mata lokmanya tilakji and chandrasekhar azad ji .
i also thank shriman amitabh ji to connect in such a warm manner with mann ki baat and for taking forward the cleanliness campaign .
recently, i attended a programme where a portal was launched, its name is self 4 society, mygov and the it and electronics industry of the country have launched this portal with a view to motivating their employees for social activities and providing them with opportunities to perform in this field .
come, lets welcome the young visitors from all across the world with the festival of sports, lets enjoy the sport, and create a conducive sporting atmosphere in the country .
the magazine further observed that amidst that plethora of problems, if there was anyone who possessed the capability to unite the country and heal wounds, it was sardar vallabhbhai patel .
can we make better predictions of natural disasters using artificial intelligence .
it was the result of his selfless service to the nation that in a brief tenure of about one and a half years he gave to our jawans and farmers the mantra to reach the pinnacle of success .
this seems to be the reason as to how he could develop this app which is most suited to needs of the village .
every single month, every single day in fact, is a marker of one historical event or the other .
mumbai or surat, your clarion call has led people to adopt cleanliness as a mission .
for everyone from the new generation, it is a lesson for us it is an immense source of inspiration that even after reaching glorious heights, you have always accorded the highest priority to acknowledge the upbringing, the sanskar bestowed by your parents and also to being humble .
to give you an example, i would like to mention about para athlete narayan thakur, who won a gold medal for the country in the 2018 para asian games .
my dear countrymen, i have to leave for a trip to britain on the next day of diwali .
i hope you will go and see his paintings in the kranti mandir .
come, lets make an endeavour in this direction .
my dear countrymen, all of you will remember that the 29th of august is celebrated as 'national sports day' .
the dream of ek bharat shreshtha bharat is inherent in this .
mann ki baat in a way has completed a year .
come on, the whole world is coming to play on indian soil, let us make sports a part of our lives .
well, i had never given a thought to a possible connection between my sleep, my speeches and my voice .
in a similar manner, the onus is on us to maintain our tourist destinations and pilgrim tourism sites neat and clean .
and nivedita means the one who is fully dedicated .
our chain of mann ki baat has lent pace to the cleanliness campaign from time to time .
if you will have faith in these things, then marks will automatically follow you and you will never have to chase marks .
when people will join hands, water will be conserved .
people donate generously to the needy during this holy month .
the manner he has spent his entire life in the service of gaumata, is unique in itself .
i appeal to you that we should make it our nature, our characteristic as a society, as a nation that whether it be a celebration of a festival or any joyous occasion, we should keep the soldiers, the jawans of the military of our nation in our hearts and minds .
the prophet saab said, feeding a poor and needy and meeting everyone cordially, whether you know him or not .
there are times when we come across many slogans on safety at the work place but none following their letter and spirit .
i might be talking of a small place like hivrebazaar, but there must be many other such villages .
we should learn more than one language in a country like india .
he was a 'man of detail' in the true sense of the term .
similarly, lal bahadur shastriji generally insisted on conservation of trees, plants and vegetation and also highlighted the importance of an improvised agricultural infrastructure .
be they farmers, traders, small entrepreneurs, professionals, housewives, students all are enthusiastically participating and also getting benefits from it .
this was the period when, in the champaran satyagraha, kheda satyagraha, and the millworkers strike in ahmedabad, the deep impact of mahatma gandhis thoughts and practices was amply and clearly visible .
even today, his words guide us in setting up the standards and determining the direction that our nation must follow .
these experiences will enrich your lives .
we have to eradicate these diseases from india .
i invite you all to get connected to it .
these small traders were provided loans worth lakhs and crores of rupees under mudra yojana because there are crores of such small traders and they impart momentum to the business activities worth billions of rupees .
you can listen to it on your own mobile handset .
my dear young friends, despite all these things, there is an entire generation which is ignorant in these matters .
when something is in close proximity of us, we tend to underestimate its importance we ignore even amazing facts about it .
a target has been fixed to make the country tbfree by 2025 .
this indeed is a convenience, but at the same time it is also bolstering the economic progress .
cooperation from all of you is very important for this menace .
this time around it will commence on the 11th of september .
our government is committed to the welfare of divyaangs .
but western coalfields limited has made these same coal mines a destination for tourism .
once a folk singer came to meet me .
it is directly connected with those poor families who make small diyas or earthen lamps .
they are organizing a public awareness campaign for organ donation .
the way the school children took part in the entire endeavor was amazing .
this year, on the 2nd of october, when we celebrate bapus 150th birth anniversary, we shall not only dedicate to him an india that is open defecation free, but also shall lay the foundation of a new revolution against plastic, by people themselves, throughout the country .
we shall converse again in 2018 .
my dear countrymen, who doesnt love sports .
may this kumbh of spirituality become mahakumbh of indian philosophy .
and that is why the government of india has taken the initiative of atal tinkering labs .
lokmanya tilak was full of courage and selfconfidence .
this is what i gathered, learnt and understood from our countrymen during three years of the mann ki baat campaign .
toilets have increased from 39 to almost 67 of the population .
i urge you to participate in the largest possible numbers in this run for unity .
they even treat them like their brothers and sisters .
the less privileged also put in all their efforts to clean their modest earthen utensils because it is diwali time .
and that too, a khadi handkerchief, so that it promotes khadi .
there are many topics on this app, such as what is the state of the market, what is the position of the wholesale market, which crops are doing well these days, which are the appropriate pesticides .
on the other hand christmas preparations must have started too .
friends, elections are the biggest celebration of democracy .
you must be wondering about spending your holidays .
but this sunday has made one wait endlessly .
i always believe that divyang brothers and sisters are capable, strongly determined, courageous and possess tremendous resolve .
there probably is no area, no aspect of nature which remained untouched .
this is honour to democracy at its best .
amir khusro has portrayed these moments of change of season in a very interesting manner .
this, i believe, is a healthy sign .
these calamities are basically the result of the change in weather patterns .
in a way, he is conducting a correspondence course for me even today .
the girl students from saint mary upper primary school from chittoor in kerala have sent me a letter .
a while ago, when distinguished dignitaries of all asean countries were here on the 26th of january, they were accompanied by cultural troupes from their respective countries .
he stood firm against social ills such as untouchability .
there is continuous news of natural calamities from various parts of the world .
nobody has paid attention towards this department .
whether it was the phoenix farm or the tolstoy farm in africa, the sabarmati ashram or wardha, he laid special emphasis on community mobilization in his own distinct way .
these five years were indeed decisive .
noor jehan works the entire day to recharge the lanterns in the solar energy plant .
the photo showed that a grandson was participating in the 'clean morna river' along with his grandfather .
marks have become all important .
my second request to the countrymen is to share many traditional methods that have been in use over the centuries in our country for the conservation of water .
during emergency, every citizen of the country had started getting the feeling that something that belonged to him had been snatched away .
and our society is also increasingly turning out to be technology driven .
i not only reiterate this wholeheartedly but it is my firm belief that the journey of indias progress has been possible due to womenpower and on the basis of their talent and we will continue to march onwards on this path of progress .
this tradition should be followed for national unity .
125 crore indians nurture a hope, a zeal, a resolve, a desire .
she is elder to most of us and has been a witness to myriad phases, different eras the country has passed through .
pranam modi ji, im naina from mumbai .
the ministry of sports will impart training to selected emerging players the ministry is launching the portal tomorrow .
dear brothers and sisters, you must all be busy in the preparations for diwali, houses must be getting cleaned .
we have been hearing and saying ahimsa parmodharmah from our childhood .
and how can we refer to the maratha navy and not remember kanhoji aangre .
this spirit of we, not i will surely inspire all of us .
come let us move ahead while loving nature in such a pleasant atmosphere .
now, tell me countrymen, can gold become a property or not .
now, it is up to you to decide whether you consider the exams pleasure or pressure .
today, if an inspiring personality is required for ably guiding our youth, it certainly is that of bhagwan birsa munda .
now when we celebrate diwali, as i said, each of our festivals carries a message and teaches us something .
and both the states had a steady stream of great men whose lives and sterling contributions in every sphere of society is a source of inspiration for us .
so far, there have been 27 meetings of the gst council and we can all feel proud that people from different political ideologies have been involved in these meetings these meetings involve representatives of different states .
in remembrance of these great men, on the foundation day of these two states, we should take the pledge of taking our state, our country, our society, our city, and our family to glorious heights in 2022, when we celebrate 75 years of independence .
one new medical college will be set up for every three districts .
mariyappan thangavelu won a gold medal in high jump .
we have recently celebrated 125th birth anniversary of baba saheb ambedkar .
this 2nd october, on gandhi jis anniversary and also on the completion of one year of clean india campaign, i had the fortune of participating in the safaigiri campaign of the india today group .
if i exclusively speak about them, perhaps ill require a few months to respond to them in some way or the other .
the people who are a part of the government will also work efficiently and the people of the nation will welcome them with open arms .
my dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, i have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you .
everyone has experienced this as a most unique part of his personality .
we all feel proud of the fact that the farmers of our country are rooted to traditions and also take interest in modern science, they keep trying and resolve .
earlier, as was the british tradition, the budget used to be presented at 5 pm because in london, parliament used to start working at that time .
i would like to congratulate our honourable parliamentarian sri karia munda ji for the same .
recently indias badminton player, kidambi shrikant has brought glory to the nation by winning indonesia open .
recently, the president of france paid a visit to kashi, varanasi based shriman prashant kumar has written that glimpses of that visit were extremely touching, appealing left a deep impact .
day and night, when one gets to eat food on time, one doesnt realize what hunger pangs are .
in the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, almost 65 thousand crore rupees have deposited in banks by our underprivileged brethren .
before that, he puts in his life and soul to get his field ready so that not even a single drop of rain water goes waste .
anemia during or after pregnancy, pregnancy related infections, high bp, any such complication can have devastating effect .
you may recall that even, in the recent asian games, indias performance was par excellence .
it will evince more interest in football in every generation .
what happens is that kerosene is also being provided, so is cooking gas and so is electricity and then middlemen get a chance to usurp their cut from this .
sports should become a part of our lives .
as a matter of fact, this young player has won the hearts of people across the globe .
in everything associated with it like cuisine or attire, traditional norms are adhered to .
it was afghanistans first international match and its a matter of honour for us that this historic match for afghanistan was played with india both teams performed par excellence .
sister nivedita and scientist jagdish chandra basu are a powerful testimony to this .
and i say this from my experience .
the speed at which the smooth transition has taken place, along with rapid migration and new registrations, has instilled a new sense of confidence in the entire country .
like yoga connects body, mind, heart and soul similarly it is connecting the world now .
i am even receiving suggestion on mygov that what should be my speech on 15th of august .
this government is for the sake of the people .
people take the lanterns in the evening and return them in the mornings for recharging .
the more we try to buy our local things the 'gandhi 150' will become a great event in itself .
expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared fitness mantra fit india stories on social media .
this long time period ignited the intense longing for freedom in the hearts of the people .
today when i refer to workers, it is but natural to remember dattopant thengdi .
this year 2nd october is a sunday so can we involve ourselves in the cleanliness mission in some way .
when emergency was imposed on the country, resistance against it was not limited to the political arena or politicians .
ecofriendly ganeshotsav is also social service .
you must have spent just a minute or two but for me your phone calls are very important .
but yes, i surely am a yoga practitioner and yet some people, through their creativity, have made me a yoga teacher as well and 3d animated videos of my yoga practice sessions have been prepared .
a few days ago i received a very detailed report highlighting the story of transformation of chandrapur fort in maharashtra .
those who will consider it a pleasure, will have achievements, while those who will consider exams a pressure, will have to repent .
there is no denying the fact that we could not perform up to the expectations .
thus, mann ki baat became a new opportunity of social transformation rather than just remaining a mere talk show of 1520 minutes .
teams from all over the world came to india and all of them exhibited their skills on the football field .
the 44th amendment, made it mandatory that the proceedings of parliament and legislative assemblies were made public through the newspapers .
not just that, just observe the rapidly enhancing levels of excellence in indian sports .
they need to know and adapt to various situations and different cultures .
it must be part of your recent memory that in the earlier episode, i had referred to a collection of short stories by premchand ji, we had decided that on reading any book, some of its facets should be shared with all through the narendra modi app .
today there are landmark efforts, being embarked upon for waterways and ports in our country .
the bhimapp was launched just about two to two and a half months ago, but approximately one and half crore people have downloaded it .
today, through the 'mann ki baat' programme, i am entreating 3 requests to the fellow countrymen .
on that day, the world appeared to be like one big happy family .
but it is the worst in haryana .
perhaps this word is in usage in certain measure in foreign lands .
also the clay will go back and get dissolved in the pond or the river and will thus help in protecting the environment .
i am happy that in a very short span of time all these schemes have been accepted in large numbers .
and so, not just our body, but our mind and value system get integrated with ushering unity in india to take india to loftier heights .
if we think about sydney, australia then the picture of opera house comes to our mind .
earlier, every aspect regarding health used to be a responsibility of the health ministry alone but now, all departments and ministries be it the sanitation ministry or ayush ministry or ministry of chemicals fertilizers, consumer affairs ministry or the women child welfare ministry or even the state governments they are all working together for swasth bharat and stress is being laid on affordable health alongside preventive health .
you can send in your suggestions through mygov, letters to radio or write letters to the pms office .
they had some demands but when the deliberations began, issues such as conditions in the valley, the law and order situation, the future of children came up in a natural manner .
for our daughters this is the opportunity to experience an india free from discrimination .
but if you scrutinize, then you will be proud of the fact that there many loftier personalities amidst us and you will naturally be proud of the very fact that today the common man is being cited for padma awards without any recommendations .
if you download this kisan suvidha app on your mobile phone, you will receive a lot of information related to agriculture and weather at your fingertips .
we have received quite a few suggestions from suchitra raghavachari from chennai in this regard .
lesser known artists could be taken and it is not necessary to have a big studio and a big camera .
this will be the picture of yesterday, today and tomorrow and will be a guarantee of a brighter tomorrow .
perhaps, this is the first time ever, that women have enthusiastically voted, as much as men did .
such a unique effort is being attempted by f .
i firmly believe that the dream of our new india will be realized through the skill fortitude of these energetic youth .
the countrys self defence mechanism got further reinforced .
today women are not just advancing in myriad fields they are leaders .
and, the more we become aware about preventive health care, the more beneficial will it be for the individuals, the family and the society .
i appeal to all of you to visit those tourist spots within our country whose scenic beauty is to behold during the monsoon .
when he turned eight he lost his father .
he was employed in a small job for eking out his living, but he was also fond of painting in the traditional tribal art form .
this amount is spent through the sainik kalyan board on the dependents of those who lost their lives and also for those who got injured during wars, for their rehabilitation .
i keep on urging everyone to buy some khadi items between gandhi jayanti to diwali .
and its a matter of immense pride that a majority of these countries presented the ramayan in front of us .
the country is really proud of these divyang friends for their achievement .
we need monsoons and we need water but we also need to stay healthy .
all i would like to say to you is be calm, enjoy life, seek inner happiness in life there is no alternative to books, one has to study, yet ones bent of mind should be towards discovering new things .
today more than 1 .
this time too, we need to ensure that we do yoga ourselves and motivate our family, friends and all others from now itself to do yoga .
courts in rajasthan have also taken similar quick decisions .
any commendable incident from any part of the country infuses my heart with energy and inspires me .
but the end result of this is that six people in the same house are sitting in the same room but they are separated by unimaginable distances .
we all should strive together to do something positive, talk about something positive, to spread something positive .
you must focus on how to improve upon your past performance and how to perform even better .
lakhs of photographs from every corner of india were received which actually became a treasure for those working in the tourism sector .
a variety of rakhis are made in a whole range of materials, from khadi to silken threads .
lakshmi ji is continuously serving society with her knowledge of herbal medicines .
i am merely an instrument .
i respectfully salute saint ramanujacharya and pay tributes to him .
and this is true that the more care we take, healthier we would be .
not just flowers, fruits too appear to be shining bathed in the sun rays on tree branches .
i want to tell my worker brothers and sisters too that you have faced heavy exploitation .
it symbolises our national consciousness .
as a result of the rains, the cool breeze has brought about some respite from the oppressive heat of past few days .
they were deeply involved .
i try to learn from whatever they are doing or whatever they are thinking .
a child or an elderly person, a woman or a man, everyone needs cleanliness and everyone should contribute towards the cause of cleanliness .
baba saheb ambedkar, many provisions were inserted to protect the fundamental rights of the poor .
amid the din in parliament, an excellent task was accomplished, which has not attracted due attention of the country .
i would like to inform those waiting for organs and those willing to donate that a national registry for organ transplantation has been launched on 27th november .
25 billion indians, commemorate agast kranti day of 9th august, and each person resolves on 15th august, that he or she will do for the country, this much as an individual, as a citizen, this much as a family, this much as a society, this much as a village, this much as a city, this much as a government department, and this much as the government .
if the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities .
i thank those people, who provided critical and important feedback .
this must be a collective responsibility .
she brought the people together by infusing a sense of nationalawakening .
remember how, during the kumbh, prayagraj was decorated with street paintings .
this is 2017 .
and i know it very well that all of you are actively contributing in this great task .
if you want to create history, then it is necessary to understand the nuances of the past .
the museum has 4 historical exhibitions which display more than 450 paintings and artworks which are of three centuries vintage .
during the past few weeks, i had the opportunity to interact with the beneficiaries of different schemes of government through video call .
my dear countrymen, we must take our fight against black money and corruption to the next level .
indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces, our army not only manpower but womanpower too is contributing equally .
i congratulate all those actively involved in preserving conserving this glorious heritage, helping it to reach out to the masses .
in india, the celebration of diwali lasts for a number of days .
whenever we get a chance or whenever there is an opportunity we must try to know the experiences of our soldiers and listen to their tales of valour .
just two days ago, isro launched 30 nano satellites with the cartosat2 series satellite .
if every citizen of my country is healthy, then my country will be healthy .
and when people call them about there being leftover food anywhere, they collect it and put it to good use .
perhaps there isnt a district in india which i have not visited .
the whole atmosphere will reverberate to the sonorous chants calls of hathi, ghoda, palki, jai kanhaiya lal ki and govindagovinda .
is his life not enough to inspire us in every corner of india .
his contribution to hockey was unparalleled .
i thank you my dear countrymen .
but i must candidly admit here that i am not able to devote much time to reading books these days .
do give it a thought it is not like you need lots of classes, a great trainer, hefty fees or a big budget for this .
over the last few months the country has witnessed a certain atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement .
a guru, a poet, a philosopher, a great warrior, guru gobind singh ji, in all these roles, performed the great task of inspiring people .
in such a short time span more than 10 crore people have become a part of these schemes but we have to take it further .
if you pose a question to them, they will reply to it they will explain things to you .
may the nation move forward and may the year two thousand twenty two 75 years of indias independence be an attempt to realize the dreams of our freedom fighters, the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, with their tremendous hard work, courage and determination to fulfill our resolve and prepare a roadmap for five years we have moved on .
we are receiving quite positive suggestions on mygov, it is helping in getting assistance in creating logos, taglines and formulating policies by yourselves .
ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in world para athletics grand prix 2018 held in tunisia .
but, for gods sake, please do not play with the lives of poor people .
i saw an answer in the way they had spread far and wide and were filled with enthusiasm, they had the resolve to do something .
the constitution of india is the spirit of our democracy .
in the year 2020, we shall complete 70 years as a republic and in 2022, we shall enter 75th year of our independence .
at the same time we must remember that a good monsoon offers both an opportunity and a challenge .
with this sentiment, come, lets take mann ki baat forward .
after that the waste can easily be redirected to the other pit .
16 year old player tabaabi devi hails from a village in manipur .
we experience this in the beauty, the aesthetics of the swachchata abhiyan .
they will talk to the people there and gather their reactions .
every indian, social organisations, local selfgovernment institutions, schools, colleges, various organizations all should take one resolve or the other for a new india .
the nation will not tolerate those committing rapes .
i speak about sports today, and just last week, a heartwarming incident took place, which i would like to share with my countrymen .
their grit determination their resolve to overcome all odds in the path of success is indeed inspiring for all our countrymen .
once again on behalf of all indians, i would like to re assure each everyone in kerala and other affected places that at this moment of calamity, the entire country stands by them .
for you these are routine things and you also make use of them .
brother harshvardhan, i am happy to know that despite this atmosphere charged with anger, you are able to think in a healthy manner at such a young age .
he has been successful in bringing together around 51 lakh children from 5556 thousand schools of andhra and telangana to this mission .
sale of khadi has increased and as a result of this, the poor mans household has directly got connected to employment .
the british tree treacherously arrested him when he was asleep, in a covert manner .
my dear countrymen, mann ki baat has garnered accolades .
these biscuits are now being supplied upto almora and kousani besides being sold to about fifty aanganwadi kendras in bagheshwar district .
how will animals and birds survive .
he was the son of a farmer .
the asha worker jamuna manisingh decided that she will not let anyone die of malaria .
this is the twelfth episode of mann ki baat and in a way it means that we have completed one year .
i am happy that out of the 66 lakh recipients 24 lakh were women .
whether junagadh, hyderabad, travancore, or for that matter the princely states of rajasthan, if we are able to see a united india now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity strategic wisdom of sardar patel .
these farmers have formed a cooperative society in munar village and setup a biscuit factory there .
rightly speaking we had no direct connection with that war .
in the monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach .
chhathh upasana is actually an occasion to pray to the sun god who gives us so much directly and indirectly that it cannot even be measured by us .
everyones attention will have to be drawn .
sports has its own significance in every society .
these finest examples coming up to me show how our society is bringing change in human values and human mind and how the citizens of this country are taking the nation forward .
i want to request you to kindly highlight this issue by sending a team there, or through the newspapers .
my dear countrymen, i am happy that the people of our country are thinking about issues, which are posing a challenge not only at the present but also the future .
he had mentioned in kannada kaay kave kailas it means, it is just through your perseverance that you can obtain kailash, the abode of shiva .
asean completed its 50 years of formation in 2017 and in 2017 25 years of india's partnership with asean were completed .
i do not wish that whatever i speak from the ramparts of red fort should just be the opinion of the prime minister .
she is utilizing the solar energy of the sun to illuminate the houses of the poor she is fighting darkness and bringing light to her own name .
under this scheme, you can deposit your gold in a bank and the bank will give you interest, same as you deposit your money and get interest from the bank .
think about it, we should gift such a present to our sisters, which really provides her security in future .
he started the azad hind radio through a weekly news bulletin .
you have to voluntarily lend your leadership to this great campaign, this maha abhiyan, to create a cashless society, to eradicate corruption from our country, to abolish the scourge of black money and to help people in overcoming their difficulties and problems .
today, as we live in the 21st century, which indian wouldnt want to see india change, which indian wouldnt want to be a partner in the transformation of the country .
it is mentioned in our land sewa parmo dharmah .
he has purchased a tanker and i have been told that he has already returned 2 lakh rupees in such a short span of time .
can india become a startup capital .
indias ranking has gone up in the doing business report of the world bank .
shri prashant kumar mishra, shri t .
if we leave the treatment halfway due to improvement in our condition, we are only helping that bacteria getting more sturdy and difficult to treat .
in a very short time, 21st june has got worldwide recognition as world yoga day and is connecting people .
i wrote a letter to the sarpanchs and gram pradhans across the country .
curiosity towards india has increased the world wants to know about the values, the rituals and the heritage of india .
one can imagine ones agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age .
meeting these kids was a very special experience that i had on my kashi visit .
the organizing of gram sabhas in these villages, wherein the people participated in large numbers and chalked out schemes for themselves is something that is an extremely pleasant experience .
the natural beauty of north east has no parallel and the people of this area are extremely talented .
we should keep away from the idea of separatism or the attitude of separatism and also guard the country from any such ideology .
on the other hand, i have been noticing that interest in football among the youth in india has been rising be it the english premier league, spanish league or the indian super league matches .
friends, i remember when the allahabad high court gave its verdict on ram janmabhoomi in september 2010 .
come, let us celebrate navratri and durga puja festivals with peace, unity and harmony to enable our nation to scale newer heights .
the scale at which elections are held in india is a matter of great awe for the world .
my dear countrymen, our northeast has a unique distinction of its own .
once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of ramnavami .
they have sent in some really good suggestions .
be it the government, institutions, society, citizens we all have to come together to make this happen .
only then can the gains of experience be availed of, only then can ones selfconfidence renew further .
this will be a big help to them .
today india has to spend billions and trillions of rupees to import timber wood from abroad for construction of houses and furniture .
the expression of the significance of cleanliness in our lives is intrinsic to this festival .
i appeal to all of you, that while trying to understand the importance of this theme, we should all ensure that we do not use low grade polythene and low grade plastics and try to curb the negative impact of plastic pollution on our environment, on our wild life and our health .
every inch, every brick of these museums is redolent with the fragrance of our glorious history .
go to bhubaneshwar and cheer up the indian team and also encourage each team there .
dear citizens, we have recently launched three schemes for the people in the cities .
it is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age .
guru nanak dev ji always envisaged the welfare of entire humanity .
and i am happy that people have evinced interest in these things when we spoke of tinkering labs, about 13 thousand schools applied and when we talked of incubation centres, over four thousand academic and nonacademic institutions came forward .
dantewada in chattisgarh is a maoist infested region .
may all of you enjoy the rains .
some games saw the participation of the whole family .
he was a leader who gave up his position as prime minister fourteen years ago .
recently, several digidhanmela programmes were organised to educate the people and to increase public awareness .
i also wish today to specially talk to those living in kashmir .
the 550th prakash parv of guru nanak dev ji will be celebrated in 2019 .
look, last year we almost doubled the khadi sale .
i feel that this is true patriotism, and a perfect tribute to revered bapus work .
when we witness new technology, or a new scientific feat, we are left overwhelmed with joy .
sometimes, kids become obsessed with celebrities, sonam did not have any such obsessions .
so if we all keep laying stress on the progress of the villages, we shall continue to get the desired results .
one young person learned to play wheelchair basket ball in order to be able to help the wheelchair basket ball team of differently abled, divyang players .
and upon my mention, there were mentions of many innovative ideas to save food from being wasted that are being put into practice employed in many corners of the country on narendramodiapp and also on mygov .
the bishnoi community in the desert land of rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection .
you too download apps of banks on your mobile phones .
now ranking of cities will be done on the basis of this survey if your city has a population of more than one lakh, ranking will be done on the national level and if the population of your city is less than one lakh than it will be ranked on regional level .
most people believe that the greatest contribution of mann ki baat has been the enhancement of a feeling of positivity in our society .
and, who can explain this in a better way than mahatma gandhi .
this has gained wide acceptance .
to them also, you can gift pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojna or jeevan jyoti bima yojna on this festival of raksha bandhan .
so i just want to ask you this, cant this be transformed into a pleasant atmosphere .
even poverty could not come in the way of his resolve .
today is also the birthday of bharat ratna and former prime minister venerable atal bihari vajpayee ji .
it is the essence of the emotions of the 125 crore indians wanting to come together and create a magnificent india .
my dear countrymen, today, the whole world is concerned deeply about climate change, global warming and the environment .
women achievers of our country the first female merchant navy captain, the first female passenger train driver, the first female fire fighter, the first female bus driver, the first woman to set foot on antarctica, the first woman to reach mount everest first ladies in every field .
a task which could not be achieved in the past 60 years, would it be possible to achieve it in such a small span of time .
and not just that, it is a celebration of inspiration for brave hearts .
my dear countrymen, we celebrate pravasi bharatiya divas on january 9th every year .
many players like aditi ashok, dattu bhokanal, atanu das gave a very good performance .
through mann ki baat today, i wish to share with students, my young friends, information on a very interesting competition i invite young boys girls to a uiz competition .
an incident regarding a small girl from a remote village too can inspire the hundred and twenty five crore people .
i was reading an old interview with the celebrated army officer sam manekshaw .
actually, it is this people who run the economy .
i congratulate the people of akola, the district and the municipal corporations administration, all the citizens who were associated with this mass movement, i laud your efforts which are not only very much appreciated but this will inspire the other citizens of the country .
my dear countrymen, navratras are going on .
shriman yogesh bhadresha ji has asked me to speak to the youth concerning their health .
she has suggested me to speak on the topics like save our daughters, educate a girl child, clean ganges, swachh bharat .
in the 1500 meter race, abdellatif baka of algeria set a new record by completing the 1500 meters race taking 1 .
i liked some pictures so much that i retweeted them .
who does not know about the bangladesh freedom struggle of 1971 .
those very chambers have now been turned into exquisite museums a museum dedicated to netaji subhash chandra bose and the indian national army .
sri ruwala ji started a sugarcane festival on 11th march .
i felicitate both the teams of india afghanistan .
i feel it will yield good results .
i am mentioning just the case of jawed because of lack of time but such lights of inspiration are prevalent in every corner of the country they are giving a new lease of life and illuminating the path for others .
at that time you will be tangled into other things and therefore i tell you if you have a passion to learn magic then learn the card tricks .
today, the farmers have technology to help them while they work hard in their fields this has provided a big boost to our agro producers .
when there is cash in the hand, or in the pocket or at home, one is tempted to indulge in wasteful expenditure .
an atmosphere of positivity built on a self confidence filled with hope has pervaded all over .
even governments, citizens and social organisations wholeheartedly celebrate diwali with gaiety and fervour .
revered bapu, put forth his ideas on various subjects like farmers, villages, securing of labour rights, cleanliness and promoting of education .
shooting or wrestling, table tennis or badminton, it was a record performance for india .
the mutthi bhar dhaanya initiative has turned into a big movement in nashik .
our efforts and our trust were fortified by our divyaang brothers and sisters when they returned with 4 medals from the paralympics .
today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts .
for this i thank you from the core of my heart .
i am glad that be it wheat, be it pulses, be it oilseeds, the data received till 20th november indicates that sowing has increased substantially as compared to sowing during the last year .
i would like to say today that of the feedback of this programme, one of the points that touches my heart most is when people tell me that when we sit with all our family members to listen to mann ki baat, we feel that the head of our family is sitting with us and sharing his ideas with us .
if you havent heard medvedevs speech yet, i shall urge you, especially young friends to watch this video .
lord buddha has shown the world that the power of inner strength or that of the soul is necessary for peace .
after all i am also a human being just like you .
he accorded the highest significance to the spirit of service .
covering 30 to 40 homes everyday, spreading the message of cleanliness, this boy transformed the village into open defecation free .
my daughter wanted to do m .
adalaj and patan ki raniki vaav baodi in gujarat is a unesco world heritage site and its grandeur is to be seen to be believed .
by the way, if i continue enumerating examples of the purusharth, the character the mettle of indians, or those of our collective endeavour, this episode of mann ki baat will go on and on, perhaps to the point when 2019 makes an entry .
but then they did give up their subsidy .
dont news of such achievements, such accomplishments inspire us .
this has laid the foundation of a new revolution in the waterways sector .
and with indias nano satellite mission, we will get a lot of help in the field of agriculture, farming, and dealing with natural disasters .
everybody wants to understand and learn from each other .
mahendra mahajan, both with a keen desire to help our tribal population .
service, truth and everybodys wellbeing was the message of guru nanak dev .
digi dhan vyapar yojana is mainly for traders and businessmen .
it is, therefore, imperative that we need to move towards waste to compost along with the cleanliness mission .
on similar lines, on the 25th of december, i learnt of the loss of sulagittinarsamma in karnataka .
when i first encountered the term plogging, it was novel even to me .
my fellow citizens, my namaskar to all of you .
in haryana, the number of girls in comparison to boys is dismally low .
it conjures images of death waiting at the doorstep but each of these ten children, not only fought against the dreaded disease cancer in their battle of life, but also brought glory laurels to the country .
wages shown on paper are much higher than the wages actually paid to you .
just see, no budget, no circular, no special arrangements but just will power brought about such a big change .
my dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the mann ki baat program has been a really wonderful experience for me .
in this holy month of ramzan, i came across a very inspiring incident at mubarakpur village of bijnor in uttar pradesh .
goods are also being transported much faster .
innumerable such incidents come to light everyday through television, media, newspapers and mutual conversations .
his biggest contribution in the freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive janaandolan peoples movement .
my dear countrymen, the month of october heralds, jai prakash narayan ji's birth anniversary, the beginning of the birth centenary of rajmata vijayaraje scindiaji .
it is not restricted to just one day .
one can never forget the contribution of babasaheb towards the welfare of the working class .
we dwelt at length on myriad facets of netaji subhash bose, offering him tributes .
this will allow faster decisionmaking on all subjects related to water .
youll become a sentinel of new india .
but, at times, in the background, there exist many things that are much higher, much greater than the world of sports .
this is the time which is peak season for colleges .
this time around, there have been innumerable letters and phone calls in regard to gst .
one of the creations drew my attention and i want to share it with you .
in a way, a wave of positivity which emanated from india spread all over the world .
and this scheme is valid till the 14th of october .
he also earns from this activity .
then she came to know of the government emarketplace system initiated by the government .
amidst the rigours of the election, speculations on victory or defeat, before the polling was yet to start i undertook the journey .
i am confident that you will all be a part of the campaign for liberation from the menace of single use plastic on 2ndoctober .
his birth anniversary is celebrated as teacher day across the country .
many of our festivals are linked straightaway with farmers and fishermen .
this is not only an issue of social media .
come, lets move forward with the mantra, teach to transform .
he met a group of extraordinary women who have achieved something significanty new in their respective fields .
for those of you wanting to share such information, you can send it on an email address set up by the government for this purpose .
in spite of the hurdles, sonali not only chose kabaddi but excelled in this discipline .
my heart shivers when i look at the statistics of accidents .
24 countries from across the globe discussed on the indian soil a call to action to reduce maternal mortality and infant mortality rates .
my dear countrymen, on the day of ganesh chaturthi, i had the privilege of spending 23 hours with the jawans of the armed forces .
he was neither seen in the news nor in public life .
if both are combined together they make for a third of the world population .
for their resolute zeal i congratulate these students and i also felicitate their parents, their kith and kin, their teachers and all the gram pradhans as well from the depths of my heart .
the grave injury caused by terrorism could not deter him .
you can all share your content using the janshakti4jalshakti hashtag .
i pay my respectful homage to sardar saheb .
i firmly believe that the real tribute to abdul kalamji will consist of harnessing research and innovation for developing technology to find solutions to problems we face in day to day life, and ridding us of the difficulties we face to make things easier for us all .
once they understand why they should fill the pots with water they would go and inspect 10 times in a day to ensure there is water in the tray .
sometimes you feel scared that our youth have become robot like, living life like a machine .
a few days ago, i got an opportunity to accompany the prime minister of israel to ahmedabad, gujarat for the inauguration of i create .
after that, ndma organized workshops on heat wave management as part of a campaign to raise awareness in people .
the whole country was concerned about saving tomy .
do send in your learning experience, do post your stories, photos and videos .
we all like greener surroundings .
it was my earnest wish that the ongoing campaign against corruption and black money, including the realm of political parties and political funding, be discussed extensively in the parliament .
bu we do miss our near and dear ones back home during festivals .
my dear countrymen, world soil day is on the 5th of december .
you must be wondering what a railway station has got to do with women empowerment .
they are imparting energy to fight against superstition in each and every corner across the country .
in the last few days, the world saw how we saved people from yemen to afghanistan .
he writes, the 1st of february is the death anniversary of astronaut kalpana chawla .
more than 25,000 african youths have studied human resource development and capacity building in india .
mann ki baat, july 2017 .
the whole world is be wildered at the way they held on with courage and patience, without losing hope, despite the odds against them in the waterlogged dark cave .
my new india youth should come forward and deliberate on how this new india would be formed .
today, all five brothers are doing well in their respective professions .
we are proud of our army .
i am very glad to see that my farmer brothers have come forward to implement the suggestions made in the soil health card and as better results are showing, they are getting more and more inspired .
since then, people have been offering books at many a place .
he was also the chairman of the advisory committee on fundamental rights, minorities and tribals .
india has always been resolutely committed to peace .
this chhathh pooja is a very important festival in the eastern parts of our country .
this cost effective, efficient space programme of isro has become a marvel for the entire world the world has admired this success of indian scientists of india wholeheartedly .
sanskrit language literature encompasses a storehouse of knowledge pertaining to every facet of life .
i will definitely interact with you on 16th january and will discuss this in detail .
one gets an opportunity to experience life anew, away from closeted walls, away from paper pen and computers .
kirti hegde from north kannada had appreciated digital india and smart city schemes and she put forth a suggestion that we need to transform our education system and said that the presentday children do not like classroom reading, they love to know more and more about nature .
dear brothers and sisters, today is the birth anniversary of a great poet of our country shriman harivansh rai bachchan ji and on this occasion today, shriman amitabh bachchan ji has given a slogan for swachhta mission .
at the beginning of their endeavour, they tried to know and understand india .
that a large number of people would come forward to support it .
best wishes and blessings to hanaya .
among our fishermen, navic devices are being distributed, which contribute in their economic development as well as ensure their safety .
and immediately after that, our troops flew to kashmir weve seen how our army was successful .
this time many people have suggested that i say something about the monsoons .
it is true that in the last decade there has been a decline in maternal mortality rates but even now, we are not able to save the lives of a large number of pregnant women .
after the nepal earthquake i talked to pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif .
now it is going to be nearly two years on 2nd october and i can confidently say that one hundred and twenty five crore people of the country have now become more aware about cleanliness .
there existed over 550 princely states .
but i would like to tell you that gurudev was also a painter .
at that point, only 10 minutes were left in the game .
my dear countrymen, 31st october is the birth anniversary of the ironman of india, sardar vallabh bhai patel .
the myth that has been spread is that ecigarettes pose no danger .
look what sandeep from haryana has to say, sir, i want you to do mann ki baat a weekly chore rather than a monthly program because we get very inspired by your words .
my heartiest greetings to all of you on the occasion of ganeshotsav .
you may remember that in the haripura congress session in gujarat, subhash chandra bose being elected as president is recorded in history .
you will be surprised to know that terrorists had set his ancestral home on fire in 1990 .
modi may come and go, but this country will never let go of its unity permanence, our culture will always be immortal .
such news remain in the flashlight for few moments and are gone we often do not remember these achievements for a long time .
this has now truly taken the form of a movement .
this navy had a big role in the expansion of the cholarule and in making it an economic super power .
heartwarming was an instance in ahmedabad .
ajit bajaj and his daughter became the first ever fatherdaughter duo to ascend everest .
we have received comments from five and a half lac people and i am extremely glad to mention that more than fifty thousand people took out time from their precious schedule to apply their mind and provide their suggestions on pmo applications as they considered this work important .
terrorism and extremism are trying to weaken and destroy our social fabric .
indian womens hockey team won the asian champions trophy and just a few days ago in the under18 asia cup, indian womens hockey team secured the bronze medal .
and 1942 to 1947 these decisive five years became integral for the masses to successfully attain through resolve, freedom for the country .
i request you all to share your opinions and suggestions with everyone via mygov .
the more the new generation devotes itself to this task, the greater will be their contribution with immense significance for the modern india of the 21st century that will be the real tribute to abdul kalamji .
i wish you many felicitations .
around this time, military operations commenced in kashmir .
i congratulate d prakash rao for his hard work, his persistence and for providing a new direction to the lives of those poor children attending his school .
at times, thirty .
in this context, i offer my heartiest salutations to my dear countrymen for one very remarkable thing .
my dear countrymen, im referring to the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
they are relevant inspiring even in modern times .
people have been ascending the everest for years many have managed to reach the peak successfully .
the young generation of our country should come forward in the world of sports and in todays computer era i would like to alert you to the fact that the playing field is far more important than the play station .
they consider this area as a fish reserve and they get plentiful of healthy fishes because of this belief of theirs .
i see gopi chand ji today as an excellent teacher besides being a very accomplished player .
it became an incident to create a new selfconfidence and a feeling of self pride in every daughter .
had the house functioned properly, there would have been comprehensive deliberation .
when the government used railways to transport water to latur, it became news for the world .
the capacities of this satellite and the facilities it provides will go a long way in addressing south asias economic and developmental priorities .
it was a very important decision but implementation of that decision is equally important .
they should supply this to the farmers who are willing to adopt organic farming .
but i want that this scheme is promoted more .
but i have seen that there is always an emphasis on the topic of cleanliness .
in the course of the conversation, there was also a mention of schools in kashmir that had been set afire and i felt these pradhans were as saddened as our other countrymen were, at that .
he keeps imparting knowledge about digital usage to his passengers all the time .
it is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches .
a resolve that we will positively fulfil in the next five years .
very few people would also be knowing that in 1937, on the invitation of dr .
i extend my warmest greetings to everybody on the occasion of easter .
when i was a child we would be scared by the very mention of the word tb .
we are witnessing an accident every minute in our country .
these village pradhans spoke about these topics with such affection and openness that everything touched my heart .
you have brought glory to the nation .
yes, tomorrow is the constitution day .
yesterday, one hundred and twentyfive crore indians celebrated the paraakram parva, the festival of valour .
yes, for many families, the first part of the year is exam season .
my best wishes to all the players .
on the way back, we stopped to buy vegetables, and again she haggled with the vendors to save 45 rupees .
one realizes after playing, despite not knowing the language of a particular state, oh we used to play this game in our state as well .
many new and encouraging things came to our attention .
we are devoted to defending the country every moment .
sister nivedita felt very hurt by the atrocities of the british rule .
i have always considered radio as an effective means of connecting with people .
some tv channels also took this idea forward .
this young monk of india, who shook the conscience of the human race of the entire world, imparted onto this world a glorious identity of india .
you can also provide it on mygov .
the festival of kumbh, to be organized in prayagraj, is expected to have footfalls from more than 150 countries .
in maintaining respect for healthy democratic traditions, the next episode of mann ki baat will be broadcast on the last sunday of the month of may .
i would urge my fellow countrymen, who have heard gayatris message in my mann ki baat today, that it should be a message to all of us .
friends, this time around, the government of india has provided you with a great opportunity .
wherever you go, share your experiences, share photographs .
similarly, success stories of young innovators entrepreneurs are women beautifully on yourstory .
social organisations, cultural organizations and common citizens charged with the spirit of service are also making their utmost efforts to help the affected people in this situation .
kalam sahebs poem potrays the life of shri shri shri shivakumar swamiji and the mission of the siddhganga mutt beautifully .
i can imagine how proud our soldiers feel at this moment .
konkan coast, where the sea has a significant role, was under shivaji maharajs realm .
there are times when some of your words act as a catalyst in sharpening my thought process .
i congratulate these daredevils, especially the daughters from the core of my heart .
when we refer to adivasi women, a stereotypical image comes to our minds, comprising jungles, pathways in the woods and women carrying kindlewood on their heads .
in fact, in the realms of space, 2019 has been a very fruitful year for india .
in day to day life, during air travel, we must have frequently come across air hostesses giving out a rather longish speech, safety instructions at the beginning of a flight .
if you try to sympathise with the sufferings of others with a sense of service, a new selfconfidence will be born within you .
i hope that all the youngsters who have not been registered in the voters list yet, get themselves registered and must vote too .
every nook and corner of the house is cleaned .
raman kumar of rohini, delhi, has written on 'narendra modi mobile app' that oncoming july 6 happens to be dr .
i was really impressed with the prowess of that divyang young man .
till november end, around 15 crore lpg customers have become its beneficiaries .
you see, all these new experiments, these skills are such that they will bring you joy and will remove you from the limitations of life to which youre tied down .
my dear countrymen, we shall observe navy day on the 4th of december .
rajani has won a gold medal at the junior womens boxing championship .
sachin chowdhary is the sole indian para power lifter to win a medal at the commonwealth games .
this disease can be got rid of .
come on, i invite you all .
heartiest greetings to all countrymen on the festive occasions of rakshabandhan and janmashtami .
this perseverance, this struggle from 1857 to 1942 created a situation which reached its climax in 1942 .
but amidst all these turmoils, we have to march forward chanting the mantra of unity .
many of my merchant brothers sisters have put up a placard at their establishments, boldly mentioning that customers ought to carry shopping bags with them .
will he be able to get some control over his life and destiny through your step .
baba saheb ambedkar .
the great hindi poetess mahadevi verma used to love birds .
the dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise .
she coolly spent two thousand rupees on a sari, and four hundred and fifty rupees on a pizza .
and so, nearly 550 adults were taught by these children and made literate .
i believe that in whatever time that is left before baba saheb ambedkars birth anniversary, we should popularise and promote the bhimapp .
i am sure that this resolve that has arisen in the younger generation, in children, in students, in the youth, augurs well for achieving good results .
and till the time the people who would clear these stumps would not come with tractors, the stumps would remain standing for long .
in 2015, the number of devotees who performed this pilgrimage over 60 days has been crossed over by the number of pilgrims in mere 28 days this year .
and at the same time move ahead, carrying forward the virtues of democracy .
yet despite facing all sorts of difficulties and physical challenges, at the age of 21, through his unwavering determination he won the medal for the country .
keeping your resolve in mind, with confidence in yourself, set out for your exams my best wishes to your .
now the identity of the awardee is not the deciding factor of the award, rather the importance of his work is increasing .
assistance from the government helped us a lot and i could gather the strength to stand myself .
today, thousands of poor people are treated free of cost in this hospital that has come up through hardwork .
a year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you .
programmes broadcast over azad hind radio were very popular amongst the populace their programmes were a major source of inspiration strength to our freedom fighters .
and this implementation has had all the states participating in it and sharing the responsibility .
my dear countrymen, swachh bharat mission or clean india mission has become a success story not only in our country but in the whole world and everyone is talking about this movement .
heartiest new year greetings to all of you .
i convey my hearty greetings to all fellow indians and everyone across the world, especially the muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of ramazan .
if we follow discipline, then the waste bins that are going to be placed in these 4 thousand towns will collect dry garbage in blue waste bins and liquid garbage in green waste bins .
they will foil with their valour every such conspiracy, and they are the ones to reach the pinnacle of bravery so that we, their 1 25 billion fellow countrymen, can live peacefully and be happy .
in this way for those 30 minutes they become narendra modi .
there was a time when the children in the family went out to play, the mother would first ask, when will you come back home .
the world today is undergoing a plethora of problems such as violence, war, annihilation, the arms race et al .
poor people require pulses and some amount of oil to prepare vegetables for their food .
they face the opportunity to shoulder responsibilities pertaining to the country .
one of most significant of these was the drafting committee and dr .
i hope that you too become inspired with the spirit of patriotism and do something good in that vein .
i would also like to say that along with army officers and soldiers their families and their wives also make sacrifices .
of special interest were the haripura panels .
today, due to lack of awareness, both poor and affluent families are affected by malnutrition .
whenever i hold a mann ki baat session, many people send me suggestions .
give special importance to baba saheb ambedkars birth anniversary this time and the bhim app .
if you view his life in entirety, you will note that he served communities in south africa that were bearing the brunt of apartheid in those times, it was, by no means a small feat .
two it professionals from rae bareilly yogesh sahu ji and rajneesh bajpayee ji accepted my challenge and made a unique attempt .
just dont see it, show it to others too .
on behalf of our countrymen, i heartily congratulate the scientists at isro .
she says milkmen, newspaper vendors, postmen come close to our homes sometimes utensil hawkers and cloth sellers too pass by our homes .
in fact, all you young people can come together to launch a movement of fit india .
they were from the jammu kashmir panchayat conference .
the 2019 lok sabha election in history by far, was the largest democratic election ever held in the world .
it is true, the basic principle of governance is that information should percolate upwards from bottom and guidance should percolate from the top to the bottom .
this will help you in carving out your own identity and raising your selfconfidence tremendously .
i urge all of you to quit the addiction to tobacco and do not harbour any misconceptions about ecigarettes .
but in a unique endeavor in raipur, chhattisgarh, the state's first 'trash mahotsav' was organized .
if we want to free ourselves and our country from tb, then we need correct treatment, we need complete treatment .
as un peacekeepers, they are bringing glory to the nation in the comity of nations .
today, on christmas day, as a gift the countrymen are going to get the benefit of two schemes .
between now and the fifa under17 world cup in 2017, we should infuse a spirit of enthusiasm in the youth one advantage of playing the host for this event is that a whole lot of infrastructure will get created with addition of sports facilities .
not only this, she has done unprecedented work for the welfare of dalit women too .
can we, this time, introduce a novelty in welcoming her .
my dear brothers sisters, we celebrated infantry day yesterday .
government officials are called in and discussions are held some people write down their grievances, there are efforts to solve their problems as well .
my dear countrymen, with the onset of rainy season, there is also an onset of festival season in our country .
never did it appear to us even once that we are not at home for the festivities .
our scientists have brought laurels to the nation, witnessed by the whole world .
my dear young friends, while we refer to science and the sheer perseverance of scientists, i have many a time said in mann ki baat, that the attraction of science for our young generation should increase .
carrying the message of harmony and equality, he travelled north, south, east and west, meeting people, saints and sages .
as a revolutionary, he challenged british rule, fought against them and questioned subjugation .
come, let us collectively do such things of interest for the common man in their language and inspire them to avail things which are their rights .
and when i say sankalp se siddhi, we can see for ourselves as to how a cleanliness campagin is advancing towards sankalp siddhi, that is attainment through reslove .
let us all take forward the values enshrined in our constitution and ensure peace, progress and prosperity in our country .
it isnt as if yoga didnt exist before, but now the threads of yoga have bound everyone together, and have become the means to unite the world .
this is the worlds tallest scyscraping statue .
your inner human potential will awaken and this will provide a great opportunity for development .
i am also thankful to those countrymen who knocked on the doors of the government by writing letters and by sending in suggestions and highlighting shortcomings of the government and all india radio mounted special programmes on these letters by inviting concerned government functionaries and thus provided a platform to address the problems .
this year it will take place in sri lanka .
and this time, students from other countries will also participate .
i was reminded of my younger days .
and, about his handwriting even at the age of 90, i marvel that he writes so beautifully whereas my own handwriting is very poor .
these two were the fundamental points .
we see problems in daily life .
many of us may not be aware that the jawans of our security forces play an important role not only on our borders but they play a very vital role in establishing peace the world over .
where will you find a young man in india who will not be inspired listening to these lines sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab hamare dil mein hai dekhna hai zor kitna baazueqaatil mein haithe desire for martyrdom is now in our heartslet us see the strength in the arms of my executioner these lines inspired many young people like ashfaq ullah khan, bhagat singh, chandrashekhar azad and many others .
daughter ekta bhyan in 2003, lost the use of half of her lower body due to road accident, but this daughter did not lose courage and made herself all the more stronger to perform this grand feat .
we worship mother earth but have we ever thought as to how much damage is caused to the health of our mother earth because of the usage of fertilizers like urea .
and i have always felt that we should come out of this situation and, therefore, today i want to talk in some detail with my young friends .
there in the golden temple itself, they undertook a holy darshan, commemorating the 550th prakash parv of guru nanak devji .
after all, these schemes are meant for common man, the poor people .
indian navy secures and protects our maritime boundaries .
for centuries, this festival has proved to be a shining example of social harmony .
it is not that the parents were not aggrieved, it is not that the mothers eyes had ceased to be moist .
i once again bow in reverence to sant ravidas ji .
a few days later nhrc would complete 25 years of its existence .
the sky and stars have always enthralled children .
india has always stressed on the importance of equality for women and the un declaration of human rights is a living example of this .
these are moments that go way beyond winning and losing, wherevictory and defeat cease to be it is life that is victory .
therefore i urge you to engage in anuspardha, or competition with self .
sewapuri khadi ashram at varanasi in uttar pradesh was lying closed for 26 years but has got a fresh lease of life now .
not only the two of you but each one of our countrymen has felt an emotional attachment with our athletes who participated at the paralympics .
we can see in swachhata hi sewa movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country .
i also know that we still have to go much farther .
she is 9 years old she is the daughter of sadavrat patel, a resident of sundarpur, varanasi .
everyone has tried to rid the country of its problems in ones own way .
whether it is the life of a person, life of a nation, or the lifespan of a society, inspiration, is the basis of progress .
we have now cancelled the online surcharge and you might have seen in the newspapers during last 24 days that all extra charges for such cards have been abolished in order to strengthen the movement towards achieving a cashless society .
who amongst us would not have enjoyed playing gillidanda in our childhood .
there were improvements in the infrastructure to increase tourism .
shriman gurumani kewal has written on mygov this step of reigning in black money is praiseworthy .
there are various categories of these gallantry awards like kirti chakra, shaurya chakra, vishisht seva medal and param vishisht seva medal .
many of our sikh brothers and sisters settled in other countries committedly follow guru nanak dev jis ideals .
if we leave the treatment midway, it can create new complications for us .
when the world celebrated international yoga diwas and the entire world got associated with it, we became proud of our country .
he was a scholar, a diplomat, the president of india and yet, quintessentially a teacher .
they are organic fertilizer themselves .
laxmikutty is a teacher in kallar and still resides in a hut made of palm leaves in a tribal tract amidst dense forests .
in a way you are a soldier in the cause of cleanliness and purity .
this match will remain etched in our memories for a long time .
i am sure you will not misconstrue whatever ive said, but rather happily accept my counsel .
if you involve twenty persons in a day, by evening, you wouldve earned two hundred rupees .
in this program they have shown how people have become aware towards cleanliness and through this they are trying to train people about keeping their surroundings clean .
he believed that the person seeing his painting should comprehend the painting in totality, from his own perspective, understand the message imparted by him in the particularpainting .
would you like to use this time of vacation gainfully, i offer three suggestions, it will be good if you follow all of the three but then try to do atleast one of the three .
whose face will sport a smile .
unlike before, they dont want to go to the same old places or tread the oft beaten track they want to do something new, see something new .
and i do not wish to give anyone the opportunity to mislead you and scare you .
generic medicines sold under this scheme strictly conform to prescribed standards set by the world health organisation .
it is often requested to consume safe drinking water .
and as they understand the truth better, they are now separating themselves from such elements and have started moving on the path of peace .
we have to do this together .
indias scientists have demonstrated this prowess .
new india will be a place where peace, unity and amity will be our guiding force .
my dear brothers and sisters, this is a fact that the tribal community believes in very peaceful and harmonious coexistence but, if somebody tries to harm and cause damage to their natural resources, they do not shy away from fighting for their rights .
our tribal brethren worship trees and plants and flowers like gods and goddesses .
after the departure of patjhad, when old and withered leaves fall, new leaves begin to sprout on the trees flowers bloom .
this help cannot be obtained till someone donates their organs .
we become so emotional about getting the statues of great men erected but become equally complacent when it comes to maintaining them .
i call gst, good and simple tax indeed, it has produced a big positive effect on our economy in a very short time span .
we all know that peace, unity and harmony are the only way to solve our problems and also the way to our progress and development .
if possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them .
he played a pivotal role in helping india win hockey gold medals in olympic games of 1928, 1932 and 1936 .
this means that the country has taken 125 crore steps in the direction of achieving cleanliness .
my dear countrymen, as i have mentioned earlier, a great advantage of mann ki baat is that, im blessed with the opportunity to converse with a lot of people, known or unknown, directly or indirectly .
when i had taken this decision and presented it before you, then also i had said openly that it was not an ordinary decision, it was one fraught with difficulties .
my dear brothers and sisters, i was just watching the tv news two days ago that electricity has reached three villages of the elephanta island after 70 years of independence, and this has led to much joy and enthusiasm among the people there .
i had urged all to choose books over flowers in welcome or felicitation ceremonies .
even at the age of 100, she is training yoga to people from all over the world and till now has trained 1500 as yoga teachers .
and shailesh bhonsle proved it .
kodipaka ramesh from warangal has written on namo appmy mother is my strength .
once again my humble tribute to revered baba saheb .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, today i would again like to especially share my mann ki baat with you .
in the nations history, there are innumerable accounts of this sacred thread, binding together people of distant lands, different religions, around a spindle of trust .
institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically .
on the other, the world over, humanity joined hands in expressing the noblest the most righteous of human virtues .
may the new year bring greater happiness, glad tidings and prosperity for all of you .
a restaurant on the national highway6 in akola in maharashtra has displayed a board saying that if you have only old currency notes in the pocket and want to have food, please, do not worry about money and do not leave hungry from this place .
i would like to talk to you today, to invite you on a new task .
each every element of his writings comes alive .
25 lakh bank mitras are serving in the country .
have we ever given them water to drink .
this time, not one but ten chief guests would grace the republic day .
it has been one month since gst was implemented and its benefits can be seen already .
we have to prepare a far reaching plan keeping in view the olympics in 2020, 2024, 2028 .
but one thing that impressed me most was meghalaya and the hard work of the farmers of the state .
the eight year old is speech impaired, but he used a whistle as an armament .
all of them overcame each every obstacle through their firm resolve and eal, attaining success for the world to see .
with a string of festive events such as govardhan puja, bhai dooj, laabh panchmi till kartik purnima this festival of lights goes on for quite a long period of time .
you will be astonished to know that sanskrit is a language that possesses the capacity for infinite word formation with two thousand verb roots, 200 suffixes 22 prefixes .
an online trading platform will be created for better implementation of 'gobar dhan yojana', it will connect farmers to buyers so that farmers can get the right price for dung and agricultural waste .
and it is a matter of happiness for me that people share all the things with me .
the same question gave rise to a great scientist of modern india .
the indian democracy welcomes the voters of the 21st century, the new india voters .
in this, the performance of some of the younger players deserves a special word of praise .
some students might have joined their respective colleges and some must be about to join .
renowned nationalist and tamil poet subramanya bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem pudhumai penn or new woman and is renowned for his efforts for women empowerment .
can you imagine how hard their task would have been to frame the constitution of our country which has such big diversities .
people of prayagraj are also very enthusiastic about the kumbh .
the discharge from the pulp and paper industry or the liquor industry is almost coming to an end .
they have demonstrated that if you have the desire to do something and if you are determined towards that goal then success can be achieved despite all odds .
brothers and sisters, in this years budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce .
starting today this scheme will continue for the next 100 days .
at times, political developments and political people assume such overriding prominence that other talents and courageous deeds get overshadowed .
his death anniversary or mahaparirvan divas falls on 6th december .
encourage all students to join .
it will be such pleasant blend of yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to yoga .
i send my best wishes to you thank you .
i do believe that you will indeed do so .
yusuf meher ali .
but india plays the largest role in training the youth of the african countries .
during the freedom movement, mahatma gandhi also used to mount highly successful experiments to divert the strong energy of that movement towards constructive social work, whenever a lull was needed amidst the extreme intensity in that movement .
i recently visited the krishi unnati mela organized in new delhi .
i extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff .
how to mount on the journey of life with the interplay of body, mind, thoughts and behavior can be better realized and understood through yoga .
the farmer is the son of the soil, how can a farmer see the mother earth falling sick .
i would request that during these vacations do not go out just for a change but leave with the intention to know, understand gain something .
how can we conserve each single drop of rain water .
similarly, in day to day life, it is difficult to savour the joy of democratic rights, unless they are snatched away .
a massage was sent to the whole world, a massage also went to the separatist forces and our sympathy was expressed towards the people of kashmir .
my dear countrymen, the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, financial inclusion, had been a point of discussion amongst financial pundits, not just in india, but all over the world .
by connecting with others, serving them and serving them selflessly, you will easily be able to shed the weight oppressing your own heart and mind .
we possess everything within us, let us proceed with confidence .
his decision making ability infused in him the strength to overcome all obstacles .
the octogenarian vasantrao sudke guru ji from maharashtra has been running a movement from a long time .
we are now realizing the effects of climate change very rapidly .
we just saw how the terrible floods in kerala have affected human lives .
and if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment .
once we embark on our journey to create a lesscash society, the goal of cashless society will not remain very far .
we have undertaken another project called cashless treatment in gurgaon, jaipur and vadodara to mumbai, ranchi, rangaon and mundiya national highway and it will be further extended .
people who consume tobacco are vulnerable to high risk diseases like cancer, diabetes, blood pressure etc .
each and every one of them also resolved to carry this mission forward .
before the onset of gst scheme, there were 17 different types of taxes prevailing in the country, but now only one tax is applicable in the entire country .
this is a great initiative that can be adopted anywhere .
and, who can be a better teacher than experience .
it is our duty that we abide by our constitution in letter and spirit .
the constitution of india, which we feel so very proud of, bears an indelible stamp of his able leadership .
this movement has been moulded as per local requirements .
the uit india movement, which is also known as agast kranti began on the 9th of august 1942 .
chhavi yadav ji, thank you very much for your phone call .
wherever he went, he took many initiatives for the welfare of the society .
these 300 million people can immediately become part of this rewards scheme .
in the twentyfirst century, having darkness still prevailing in our villages is something that is not acceptable now and the rural electrification drive to free the villages of darkness, this major campaign of electrification is proceeding successfully .
they should not have a dead existence in government files .
will this not make every indian feel proud .
there was a time when winter would set in even before diwali .
a 247 control room helpline number 1078 is functioning continuously to deal with the flood situation .
a few days ago, the countrys beloved poet neeraj ji left us forever .
the nation is always ready to move in the right direction .
to counter these new offensives, we too have to devise appropriate new responses and antidotes .
we all know that our lifestyle is the biggest cause for diabetes .
and if something strikes your attention, please go to the school and discuss it with the teachers yourself .
however in a country with 125 crore people, only 5000 transplants could take place .
from the core of my heart, i congratulate those air warriors and their families who rendered service to the nation .
whoever wants to supply any item to the government, small things such as electric bulbs, dustbins, brooms, chairs and tables, they can register themselves .
it can easily grow into a peoples movement for planting trees .
i state this from my own experience because i have served in the bharat scouts and guides and this had a very good impact upon my life .
and do share your clean beautiful toilet photos with me on mylzzatghar on social media .
pilgrims go to have a darshan of vitthal who is also known as vithoba or pandurang .
sarvapalli radhakrishnan ji .
how we must lend strength to that spirit and at the same time resolve to use ecofriendly clay ganesha idols, to protect the environment .
so burning the stump of crops not only burns them, it burns the skin of our motherland the top soil of our land is burnt which pushes our fertile soil to death .
today i would like to say something especially to mothers and sisters also, since health and wellbeing have been a major part of our conversation today .
every time the inputs that come in response to every episode of mann ki baat, are analyzed in detail by the government .
vijay biswal has shown us how we can connect our jobs with our hobbies, interests or skills .
many such institutions work hard to promote ganesh idols made from clay and they also propagate it .
she always tries to help others, but one habit of hers amazes me .
for example, categories like thalassemia, parkinsons, or for that matter dwarfism have been included .
we experience this in all walks of life .
there are technological methods which are safe, secure and instantaneous .
every time before mann ki baat, letters are received from people .
i felicitate all the teachers in the country on this occasion .
revered bapu fought for this cause all through his life and made all out efforts .
i always tell people, that if you go to porbander, the birth place of mahatma gandhi, you will be able to see a two hundred year old underground water tank which got directly recharged with the rain water .
in order to convey his ideals, guru nanak dev ji composed the gurbani .
innumerable saints like gyaneshwar, namdev, eknath, ram dass, tukaram are relevant even today in educating the masses .
mann ki baat, january 2019 .
indiapositive has been the subject of quite an extensive discussion .
it is true that words have their own significance .
there can be no greater happiness than the humanity having a peaceful existence .
one thing that all of us know very well is that wherever in india we go, whether to the home of the richest of the rich or to the humble dwelling of the poorest of the poor, during the diwali festival we can see a cleanliness campaign going on in every household .
one has seen that no matter how hectic the life is, no matter how tense we are, whether its ones personal or public life, the arrival of the rains does lift ones spirits .
now, nobody from this village has to go to toilet in the open .
but he never let antagonism raise its ugly head in his path .
the people represent the will of the almighty and their blessings become his blessings .
i had never even imagined that in our country especially the young generation has been doing this kind of work from a long time .
you are my inspiration and you are my energy .
leaving home for the first time, moving out of ones village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of ones life .
his life is an inspiration to us, our society and the whole country .
your expectations are my expectations also .
the kind of creative messages that you send on whatsapp slogans, poems, anecdotes, cartoons, new imagination, jokes i am seeing all these signifying the creative power of our young generation amidst the present challenges .
to add to these woes, there is a situation of even the doctors in big numbers being unavailable as they too are away celebrating deepawali with their families .
the expedition has been named, navikasagar parikrama .
your thinking will expand .
i once again urge that we should try and take forward the khadi movement .
all of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th january .
you are connected to google guru, try searching on it and get associated with any such organization for 15 days or 20 days .
the welfare of farmers was a priority in his life .
the nhrc has not only protected human rights but has also promoted respect for human dignity over the years .
in this way, morarji bhai ensured that the way democracy was assassinated in 1975 by imposition of emergency, could never be repeated again in the future .
there is a need to work unitedly to address issues such as terrorism, climate change, economic development to social justice through universal cooperation and coordination .
who would have imagined that a small campaign selfie with daughter starting from a small village in haryana would spread not only throughout the country but also across other countries as well .
we human beings have a natural inclination to be enchanted by the delights of the rainy season .
whenever you sow a plant, place an earthen pot near it .
our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, india has become the asia cup champion after an interval of ten years .
and therefore she wants me to provide some information on the recent launch of 104 satellites and the interceptor missile .
in 1947, when pakistani attackers resorted to an unprecedented attack, it was indeed our air force which ensured that indian soldiers and armaments reached the battlefield promptly .
people of india and even those in other countries are familiar with every product of amul .
hence i too heard the speech and watched the match .
to the extent that women actively took part in battles .
it may give you temporary succor, but we should completely stop taking antibiotics without the advice of a doctor .
we have to live in harmony and in synchronicity with nature, we have to stay in touch with nature .
now the poor have this faith that they too can get money from the bank .
these women of jharkhand have shown that women power is an integral component of swachh bharat abhiyan, which will change the course of the campaign of cleanliness in general life, the effective role of hygiene in the nature of the people ingeneral .
and we have received quite significant suggestions .
yogahas broken barriers of caste, creed and geography to unite the people of the entire world, which is the very essence of the real sentiment innate to vasudhaiva kutumbakam that we have followed in letter and spirit over centuries .
children, the elderly, the youth full of energy and enthusiasm, women, girls turned out to participate in this battle .
a small gift by mahatma gandhi, has become a part of her life and a part of history .
and, this is not only a loss for the families who have lost a son, a brother or a husband .
sakal ji, i have conveyed your sentiments to our listeners .
earlier it was frequent .
once we place faith and trust in the people of india, we can get incomparable results .
and this is the very essence, the real inspiration behind scientific inventions and discoveries .
young indians take time out to get the latest information on these matches and watch them on television .
this is a good beginning .
such a big spectacle, i was astounded to see the energy, enthusiasm, and zeal of all the young players .
then he spent another eight years in an orphanage .
should we not recognize such service and bestow it with honour .
sardar patel was entrusted with overlooking all the arrangements .
our honourable president inaugurated this programme and the country got connected .
and that is why it becomes our collective responsibility let us be lovers of nature, protectors of nature, conservers of nature .
how can the villages become selfreliant .
the establishment of a kitchen free of social discrimination where a person of any caste, sect, religion or community could eat or what we know as the langarsystem was initiated solely by guru nanak dev ji .
in that interview, field marshal sam manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a colonel .
this year too, the youth of the country is all set, to take part in the run for unity .
therefore keeping the importance of water in mind, a new jalashakti ministry has been created in the country .
it is necessary to get ourselves tested on time to save precious lives .
whatever the old dogmatic thinking might have been, but the society now must be freed from discrimination between our sons and daughters .
around 750 divyang brothers and sisters assembled at one place to do yoga and thus created a world record .
there was a time when the books were brought here stuffed in sacks and carried on the back .
the whole world observes this as world yoga day .
be it check dams, watershed development, small lakes or the small ponds in fields, we need to save the precious waters everywhere .
and now, i will be going there with these scholars, this gives me immense happiness .
fertilizer companies have been asked to buy the compost made out of waste .
when isaid that, i had never imagined that it would get such an immense response .
i tell you, water is philosopher's stone and its mere touch creates and regenerates life .
whoever, needed him, and wherever, gandhiji was present to serve .
there has been an awareness ever since the launch of the cleanliness movement .
i heard it and i think, i will share it with you too .
have we ever offered them some drinking water during the summer days .
providing security to people in kashmir is the responsibility of the administration .
i urge all ngos, schools, colleges, social, cultural and political leaders, people in the government, collectors and sarpanches, to begin creating an environment of cleanliness at least fifteen days ahead of gandhi jayanti on the 2nd of october so that it turns out to be the 2nd october of gandhis dreams .
the country will ever remain grateful to atalji for bringing good governance in the main stream .
im fortunate that at the beginning of this year, i got an opportunity to participate in the 350th birth anniversary celebration organized at patna sahib .
now i feel as if im conversing with my family while sitting at home .
summer vacations feel good inspite of scorching heat .
and everybody feels that the people should get the right news and good news .
the country needs more and more scientists .
once a person asked the prophet peace be upon him which is the best thing in islam .
could you please elaborate whether its results after one month are matching the expectations of the government .
these young boys girls had been selected under mission shaurya .
i emphasis that once again april, may, june and july are before us and we must also take up some responsibility for water harvesting and water conservation, we should also chalk out some schemes, we should also do and show something .
you see, if all the people of one state will do this, then i will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state .
under ayushman bharat yojana , the government of india and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year .
this was the time when the people of india, in every part of the country be it a village or city, the educated or illiterate, the rich or poor, everyone came together shoulder to shoulder and became a part of the uit india movement .
a clean and healthy india will spell a prosperous india also .
the life and philosophy of lord mahavirji, the apostle of nonviolence will inspire us all .
an effort is also made that the concerned department should pay attention to such letters and comments which, somehow, could not be included in mann ki baat .
the mere mention of abdul kalamjis name brings to mind vivid images of science, technology, missiles in fact the entire spectrum of strengths and capabilities of india in the days to come .
it is double in height compared to the 'statue of liberty' located in the us .
countless great men spent their youth in jails .
the second circle, veerta chakra, depicts the courage and bravery of our soldiers .
twenty two thousand rural haats in the country will be upgraded by creating the necessary infrastructure and these will be integrated with apmc and enam platform so that the farmers would not have to go to distant places for selling their produce .
jayachandran passed away in chennai .
if the family celebrates a birthday, certain auspicious day or observe an in memoriam day, then the family members with selfprepared nutritious and delicious food, go to the anganwadis and also to the schools and these family members themselves serve the children and feed them .
the traders can earn, so can students .
the bhil tribes of central india and specially those in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh worship peepal and arjun trees religiously .
be it navratri or durga puja how can this shaktiupasana become the festival of celebrating social unity .
if youll start paying attention to it, you will see that there is no need to do anything extraordinary .
and i have been told that almost half the beneficiaries are women, the mothers and the daughters .
the farmers who initially used to depend on the same single cash crop in their fields and that too the yield was also not good begetting lesser profits, today are not only growing vegetables but also marketing their own vegetables and getting good prices through the trust .
he always remained engaged in keeping india's integrity intact .
mahatma gandhi also talked about the last man standing in the queue .
at times a question arises in the minds of peoples as to what i achieved through mann ki baat .
artificial intelligence aids in making robots, bots and other machines meant for specific tasks .
bhagirath did bring down the river ganga for us, but to save it, we need crores of bhagiraths .
i am confident that you will surely do it and, yes, do share with me what you have learned .
he took a masters degree in social work and is now leading a silent revolution as a messiah of the disabled, working as an informed citizen .
you too would feel that, you wouldve committed the same mistake .
i came to know that yogesh saini his team played a stellar role in it .
in a few days from now, the new year of vikram samvat will begin .
we recently lost 18 brave sons of our country in a terrorist attack in uri sector in jammu and kashmir .
the unity, intrinsic to our countrys diversity can be witnessed in these games .
so while it is good to care about society, this is beneficial to the family as well .
and hats off to him, he has constructed 100 toilets in bhojpura village so far taking it as a divine cause and providing his labour services without charging a penny .
when the condition worsens then only does it come to our notice that it is diabetes to blame .
this is my personal experience, i had a chance of visiting more than five hundred districts of india .
he writes that in our country, safety standards at factories and construction sites are not upto the mark .
and i would like to mention to my countrymen, that festivals like navaratri in gujarat, or durga utsav in bengal are tremendous tourist attractions .
i once again congratulate all players of our team .
an air of excitement, zeal, enthusiasm, hope, aspirations, the determination to achieve who would want to stay away from an atmosphere like that .
my dear brothers and sisters, the winters are about to start .
he also went to buddhist holy sites such as rajgir and gaya .
visiting vithoba temple in pandharpur and its grandeur, beauty and spiritual bliss is a unique experience in itself .
whereas we hear of a polling station at 15,000 feet above mean sea level in himachal pradesh we also learn about the same being organised in remote islands of the andaman nicobar archipelago .
the sentiment behind gurumani kewaljis text is being echoed in every nook and corner of the country .
i have complete faith that your ideas will be really useful .
they included men as well as women .
i too have seen videos put up on social media by beneficiaries of this scheme .
just and just 8 .
our soldiers practiced yoga in siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees .
and this all happened during the period of british rule .
whenever and wherever possible, lets look for the opportunity .
i was overjoyed to see people getting connected to it with a lot of enthusiasm .
many individuals taking initiative on their own behalf shared innovative ideas, held discussions, conducted poetry recitals .
this multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives .
many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
people generally nurse the notion that if students indulge in sporting activities, they become careless about their studies .
they believe in living in the manner as preached by the shloka of srimadbhagvad gita 'yoga karmasu kaushalam', or excellence in action is yoga .
it is possible that you can teach them .
in our country we refer to nishkaam karma, selfless deeds, meaning a service done without any expectations .
this survey will cover a population of more than 40 crores in more than four thousand cities .
these minute stories encompassing a 130 crore countrymen will always stay alive .
so people go and eat there and make payments on their next visit after 2, 4 or 6 days .
but these poor people saved money and deposited a sum of 22,000 crores .
my dear countrymen, the monsoon comes along, bringing a new ray of hope to our toiling farmers .
and, this procedure is as simple as sending messages through whatsapp .
send your suggestions on all of these .
at times after dinner, children used to play with exuberant abandon for hours together, leaving all worries behind .
here, every state, every region is replete with distinct festivals, generating a lot of interest in people from other countries .
it has forced people from all corners of the country to think and ponder over this burning issue and brought about a change in peoples thinking about our traditional beliefs and customs which have been prevalent for many years .
actually, mann ki baat is a very simple task for me .
today, as we remember lord buddha, you must have heard about the idols of laughing buddha, it is said that laughing buddha brings one good fortune, but very few people know that smiling buddha is also associated with an important event in india's defense history .
whether it is our armed forces, or the bsf, itbp, crpf and cisf, each one of them, apart from their duties has made yoga a part of their lives .
in view of the kind of lead that india has taken towards environmental protection, today the countries of the entire world are looking towards india as a model example .
on the 15th of september, people from all sections across the country connected themselves to this voluntary cleaning movement .
he did not want anybody to languish in poverty forever .
there has been a surge in various modes of digital payment after demonetisation .
but, i just want to touch upon one more facet of ataljis legendary personality and that is the political culture which atalji gave to india, his efforts in the direction of bringing about the changes in our political culture, his efforts to mould it into an organized framework and which proved very beneficial for india and a bigger benefit will accrue in days to come .
it is true that for a long time our focus has been on setting up educational institutions, expanding the system of education, building schools, building colleges, recruiting teachers, ensuring maximum attendance of children .
my dear countrymen, looking forward to our conversation when we will meet for another episode of mann ki baat .
and i have noticed that the kind of work which our department of tourism, our department of culture, state governments and the government of india cant do, that kind of work has been accomplished by millions and millions of indian tourists .
we can also smell the fragrance of righteousness .
my dear countrymen .
one rupee per month was being deducted towards insurance premium which my husband had subscribed to .
of course do not travel too much in one go .
we are not obliging these great men by remembering them but we remember them so that we may be able to foresee our forays into the future and the direction we choose .
millions of indians responded to mahatma gandhis clarion call and the mantra of do or die they flung themselves into the struggle .
this made the whole world realize and understand the importance of peace .
there were a large number of such innovations .
nature has also changed the rules of the game .
and today, in this edition of mann ki baat, i wish to speak to our successful young men women between 18 25, all infused with energy and resolve .
i humbly bow to them because they have compelled political leaders to think of coming up with something new .
we have already done a lot towards expanding education .
i got a lot of new information .
honestly speaking, mann ki baat carries my voice but the examples, emotions and spirit represent my countrymen, i thank every person contributing to mann ki baat .
similarly, we find greenery so pleasing to our eyes .
special in the sense that this time there were many pathbreaking firsts .
i want to tell you about a friend of mine .
more than two thousand seven hundred lakh tonnes of food grains have been produced in the country this year .
at an altitude of 15,000 feet, it is located in the lahaul spiti region of himachal pradesh .
people have shared their experiences, conveying the rise of selfless volunteerism as a consequence of mann ki baat .
it feels as if there is negativity all around us .
people from all over the country and around the world come and participate in the kumbh .
during his yatra to bidar, karnataka, he devised a solution for water woes the place was grappling with .
the english had lost interest in india they wanted to leave india fragmented into pieces .
i do believe that by doing so more and more people will get to know about our heroes who brought a change in society .
if we look around, we can see many such examples .
crores of people got connected with this movement and luckily i also got a chance to participate in the voluntary cleanliness shramdaan with the children of delhis ambedkar school .
to construct 10,000 household toilets in 71 gram panchayats in those hundred hours .
this has also forced the economists of the country to think differently .
very few know that since a long time, crores and crores of people have gathered on the riverbanks for this festival .
mera rang de basanti chola is a perfect example of that .
it will not be sufficient to keep this cleanliness campaign confined to beliefs and habits .
can you resolve to add one skill, one special attribute to your personality, during your holidays .
but, this time i have to leave for g20 summit and so felt in my heart that i should express my feelings in this regard in mann ki baat today .
and there is no vested interest behind all these activities but a pure feeling of dedication and resolve is the driving force .
im also thankful to our indian friends who created a platform for our players to showcase their skills .
it was veer savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the first war of independence .
today, i want to talk about javed ahmed he is 4042 years old .
and, dhyan chand ji scored three goals in just those ten minutes and said i avenged the hit by scoring goals .
but, i especially wish to compliment the farmers of our country .
this is great help for the common man, especially for senior citizens who require medicines on a daily basis and results in a lot of savings .
there is hardly a day which does not have a festival ascribed to it .
the resolve was to organise 100 such programmes all over the country .
although in the next episode of 'mann ki baat' i shall dwell upon it in detail, still today i am telling this ina advance so that you get time to prepare .
he was very passionate about the development of west bengal .
ambedkar had laid the foundation of team india's spirit in a way .
during elections, i used to have , that is discussions over tea and this got publicised around the whole world .
hitendra mahajan and dr .
but, this time after the decision taken on the 8th instant, people rushed to deposit their old currency notes .
today, a lot of new opportunities have been created for the youth .
this work is difficult but it must be done .
your life will be enriched .
today our ranking in fifa is so low that i feel reluctant even to mention it .
the attention of crores of indians is focused on the asian games being held in jakarta .
i have been extremely fortunate to have been blessed with the opportunity to visit a number of significant places associated with revered mahatma gandhi and pay my homage .
our farmer brothers sisters have written on kisan melas, farmer carnivals and activities revolving around farming, being held across the country .
you know, abhilash tomy is a very courageous, brave soldier .
she left us in the columbia space shuttle mishap, but not without becoming a source of inspiration for millions of young people the world over .
you must also visit sites associated with nature and wild life and animals .
but it is true that if 125 crore countrymen resolve, and decide to walk step by step on a path to realise that resolve, the dream of new india can be fulfilled in our lifetime .
how should the country celebrate it .
they have embarked upon the journey of being partners in nation building .
i am very happy with the governments initiative on the organ donation and steps towards creating a policy on the same .
the mega festival of chatth, celebrated 6 days after diwali, is one of those festivals which are celebrated in accordance with strict rituals regimen .
and after some days we will celebrate diwali too .
this number is larger than the population of many countries of the world .
an essay competition was organized among all the cbse affiliated schools a poetry competition was organized to increase their participation .
in this letter, he mentions books read by him during that month along with quotations .
sarvapalli radhakrishnan ji and the country celebrates this as teachers day .
instead it was decided to send the government officials and their team on a seven days camp to northeast states like nagaland, arunachal pradesh, tripura, assam and sikkim .
on my visit to kranti mandir, red fort, as i was reflecting on memories of netaji, his family members gifted me a special cap .
everybody makes plans for their summer holidays .
i wish to congratulate those who took out time for an in depth analysis of our work, there were some praises some support and sometimes shortcomings were also pointed out, i understand the importance of all these things .
and so if we remember them also while we are in our festive mood, our remembrance gets a new vigour which gets imparted to them also and they feel a new strength .
pradhan mantri ji, i am aparna from pune .
manishji, i appreciate you for bringing this subject among the listeners of mann ki baat .
they sacrifice their youth for the country so that 125 crore countrymen may live in peace .
yoga has created a world record again this time also .
in a way, a positive mindset towards our daughters is leading towards societal acceptance .
according to rajani, her father has sacrificed a lot, undergone hardships to help her reach where she is .
we can distribute armed forces flags on this occasion .
imprudent people call stones as gems .
out of the designated sample in the survey, 70 of respondents on an average happen to be listeners who regularly tune in to mann ki baat .
since the 4th of march is national safety day, the prime minister should include safety in the mann ki baat programme in order to raise awareness on safety .
he did not receive any help from the passersby .
innumerable shining examples like these are the hallmark of our country .
fifa under 17 world cup had created a record in terms of the number of viewers on the ground .
i would like the family to consciously try to inculcate in children the habit of playing in open grounds .
last time in mann ki baat i talked about organ donation .
but vices are so widespread and deeprooted that even today there are people whose vicious habits refuse to die .
the state governments have braced themselves up for rescue and relief work .
society needs motivation for this .
for example, how is a rocket launched, how is a satellite placed in orbit, what information do we gather from a satellite, what is asat and many more of these .
his journeys to the south took him to sri lanka, as well .
let us take forward the mantra of unity .
when i talk of wonders in the engineering world, i am reminded of an incident of 2001 when a devastating earth quake hit kutch in gujarat .
my dear countrymen, we had taken a resolve in last months mann ki baat and had decided to observe a 15day cleanliness festival before gandhi jayanti .
today, indias flag is flying high not only on earth but also in space .
let us all create such an atmosphere .
i have also read about a village kallar majra which is near nabha in punjab .
along with it a 20 gm gold gunion will also be available for the people .
in memory of saint ramanujacharya, the government of india is releasing a stamp tomorrow, the 1st of may .
he is greatly revered in that part of our country and the whole nation remembers him with great respect and regard .
our natural resources are similar .
the state governments too are making maximum possible efforts on their part to provide relief to the flood affected people .
long distance education and technology will make the task of education simpler i believe that the results of this move are going to be seen in the near future .
these are portents of booming tourism in the future .
with these feelings, i extend my best wishes to you all .
the cleanliness drive that you had begun from the ghats or banks of the ganges in kashi has now taken the shape of a movement inspired by you .
visuals of chandrayaan ii lifting off filled our countrymens hearts with glory, zest and joy .
it seems that our daughters in the whole of india have decided to take up the responsibility of bringing glory to the nation .
it was the occasion of dedication to the nation of his collection of vachana amrit, the elixir of his spoken words .
one of them happens to be 19 year old jigar thakkar from gujarat, whose body suffers from 80 muscle atrophy just look at his fortitude, resolve perseverance .
the sudarshan chakra bearing mohan left the banks of the yamuna for the sea beach of gujarat, establishing himself in the city of dwarika, while the mohan born on the sea beach reached the banks of the yamuna, breathing his last in delhi .
even an illiterate person today knows how to send and also forward whatsapp messages .
to make myself instantly clear, i shall cite an example from the field of sports .
this time, after watching the republic day parade, many people wrote on twitter and other social media that a major highlight of the parade was the bsf biker contingent comprising women participants .
compared to last year, the total sales of khadi handicrafts have risen almost by 90 .
sardar vallabhbhai patel took on the reins of weaving a unified india .
and now the month of march beckons us with ripe crops in the fields, playful golden earrings of wheat and the captivating blossom of mango pleasing to the mind are the highlights of this month .
our air warriors astounded everyone by performing yogasans in mid sky, some 15 thousand feet above the earth .
our festivals are replete with fragrance of the essence of unity in diversity and the spirit of one india great india .
they are moving ahead shoulder to shoulder and are bringing glory to the nation with their commendable achievements .
all these topics will be discussed .
our six daughters riding the waves of the high seas, with courage, is the first instance of its kind in the world .
well have to turn ourselves into a risk conscious society .
for each and every citizen of india there could be no better days than these .
he studies in the kendriya vidyalaya of banaras hindu university .
i was just gathering data of the sowing of this crop season .
the relentless quest to ask questions for knowing the truth is very important .
people are fighting a battle against malnutrition in innovative and interesting ways .
last time too, i had requested all of you to upload photographs of the places you visit .
coincidentally, the 3rd of march is also the birth anniversary of jamsetji tata .
congratulations to the people of kallar majra and of all those places who are making their best efforts to keep the environment clean and pollution free .
he also gives his comments on what he deems correct or otherwise in whatever i have done during the month .
i am sure reverberations of the spirit of football will be heard all around .
i feel very bad .
she has won a medal in serbia too .
i have a thought which i want to put forth before you .
keep learning something new, such as newer skills and languages .
i have also read about those women of garhwal, who are working together on the good work of implementing rainwater harvesting .
he has written that on the 3rd of march, 1900, the british arrested birsa munda, when he was just 25 years old .
the awareness that has come about in villages guarantees a new progress for india .
for this, i heartily compliment the people of sikkim .
in the gita, bhagwan shri krishna says, ashwatth sarvvrikshanam which means amongst all trees, i am the peepal tree .
sports means, physical fitness, mental alertness and personality enhancement what else does one need .
in the isolated regions of the nilgiri plateau in south india, a small wanderer community toda make their settlements using locally available material only .
you must have noticed that this time it has been decided to construct five lakh ponds and farm water reservoirs .
that is why, i specially urge our worker brothers and sisters to participate in this scheme because after all i took such a momentous decision for the benefit of the poor people, the farmers, the workers, the deprived and the suffering people of the country and, hence, these benefits must reach them .
every year on march 8, 'international women's day' is celebrated .
most of the people boil and drink water during this season .
i am speaking from bodal .
we, in india, are facing to lot for the last 40 years on account of terrorism .
in last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures .
india has produced many great hockey players .
i myself went to prayagraj a few days ago and saw that the preparations for the kumbh were progressing on a war footing .
it was this small department that organized this event in the entire world .
but a phone call from a gentleman from punjab and his pain touched me pradhan mantriji namaskar, sir, i am jasdeep speaking from punjab .
come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th prakash varsh of guru nanak dev ji .
in this memorable journey of clean india, listeners have also contributed a lot to the mann ki baat' forum and that is why im happy to share the fact that more than five lakh fifty thousand villages and 600 districts have declared themselves free of open defecation and sanitation coverage has crossed 98 limit in rural india whereas latrines have been provided to nearly nine crore households .
at this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events .
tomorrow is 30th january, the death anniversary of our revered bapu .
caring for that lone voter, for ensuring that he or she enjoys full opportunity to exercise the right to vote, personnel of election commission travel to distant remote places to make necessary arrangements for the voting this is the beauty of our democracy .
brothers and sisters, about 12 lakh impoverished families have benefitted from this scheme over a period of last five months .
if you have a photograph with your teacher or an incident connected with your teacher or an inspirational thing associated with your teacher, please do share the same on narendramodiapp .
in a way, we terrify a patient with constant references to his ailment .
my dear countrymen, groundwork for 2ndoctober is going on all over the country and also the world over, but we want to transmute 'gandhi 150' as a task on the path of our duty .
do you know why kabir das ji chose to go to maghar .
in this 'pariksha pe charcha' program, i will touch upon a lot of things related to all the facets of examinations with my young friends, especially on the topic of stress free exams .
i respectfully bow to all the brave sons of the country, who laid down their lives, protecting the honour of their motherland, india .
and it is true that in our country about 50,000 mothers and almost 13 lakh children die during delivery or immediately after it every year .
today our monetary policy, start up india, stand up india initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs .
chandrashekhar azad put his life on the stake, but he never bowed in front of the foreign rule .
my dear countrymen, on the one hand, we take pride in yoga, on the other we can also take pride in our achievements in space science .
this year gujarat has undertaken many projects like aamra van, ekata van and shaheed van as a part of van mahotsav and launched a campaign to plant crores of trees .
i read a post written on mygov by komal thakkar ji, where she has referred to starting online courses for sanskrit .
when 45 years old hamid comes back to his grandma with a pair of tongs, indeed, it stirs human emotions to their supreme pinnacle .
thus, as a great sage, he questioned every facet of life .
there are no better ways to witness this nations beauty and peoples sentiments and no better teachers than tourism and pilgrimage .
everyday fifteen thousand people are going to receive rewards of one thousand rupees each .
for this, i extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the members of lok sabha and rajya sabha on behalf of millions of divyangjan of the country i express my thanks .
we feel that the youths are very ambitious today and they plan big .
memories of diwali celebrations with our security forces in gurez sector of jammu kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart .
but now the practice of cashless payment is being adopted .
vikas thakur demonstrated his heroics by contributing one thousand rupees each from his pocket to the 57 families and thus strengthening the cleanliness campaign .
no indian can ever forget .
about two days ago, i had the opportunity to launch many a developmental work in banaras, the sacred workplace of malviyaji .
who will be the fortunate one to get a direct or indirect benefit from your purchase .
the sheer simplicity and maturity displayed by the 23 year old daniil medvedev touched everyone .
india takes great pride in the fact that tamil is the most ancient of world languages .
the president launched this radio channel .
making a humble beginning in 1932 with six pilots and 19 airmen, our air force has emerged as one of mightiest and the bravest air force of the 21st century today .
they have made a big contribution in creating a positive environment and are leading the cleanliness campaign in their own ways .
but the pain remains that sardar patel, who lived for indias unity, strove tirelessly for it, had to even endure some unpleasantness on account of it, but never ever abandoned the path of unity .
these festivals may have different names, but their origins stems from attachment to nature and agriculture .
kabir das ji laid great emphasis on social cohesion .
i specially urge the parents and guardians to be with their children with a watchful eye when they burst firecrackers, so that there is no carelessness or undue audacity and accidents and mishaps are avoided .
he wrote on mygov please take up the topic in mann ki baat as to how the tribes and their traditions and rituals are the best examples of coexistence with the nature .
for the common man this is an opportunity to come out of the grip of middlemen .
ambedkarjis dream of india as an industrial super powerthat vision of his has become our inspiration today .
and not just that, you also understand the problems of the farmers really well .
people tell us that he would be ever ready eager, when it came to treatment of patients .
in the two worldwars fought in the 20th century, over a lakh of our soldiers made the supreme sacrifice that too in a war where we were not involved in any way .
there will be no soil, no plants and trees will grow how will human life be possible .
i see this entire process as a very healthy sign .
one shri shankar narayan prashant has strongly urged modi ji, kindly tell the people through your mann ki baat that they should not use ganesh idols made of plaster of paris .
every one rushes and that seems to be one reason for corruption at the lower levels .
guru nanak ji undertook many significant spiritual journeys called udaasi .
come, i invite you .
and two other ministries, the ministry of shipping and the ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation will take the cleanliness campaign forward during the last two weeks of march .
and the interesting fact is that compared to last year the fertilizer sales of gnfc have gone up by 27 percent .
mothers who are consciously aware of and actively alert to their childrens future, play a big role in assuaging the atmosphere at home .
can you post on incredibleindia .
i want to remind you my dear countrymen that last year in our country, the media ran a special campaign and showed all the places where crackers were lying and told that it was not the right thing .
you will feel the onset of a certain ease in your work .
the poor of our country will derive strength from this and we must do it .
one feels the foundation of the idea was laid in the 17th century itself .
in entire india, people of different cultures and languages, celebrate the onset of rainy season in their own fashion .
i believe that you will send your good suggestions .
science technology, agriculture health, mathematics management, economy environment, the entire spectrum has been touched upon .
this experience will teach you a lot .
it is a gallery whose walls are inscribed with soldiers tales of valour .
we can witness how closely our festivals are interlinked with nature .
but i feel i must share with you what he has written most prominently .
unfortunately, over the decades we have slipped from there to the lowest rungs .
people generally talk of a communication gap between the elders and teenagers in the family .
in this dangerous atmosphere, adivasi women are becoming self reliant by driving erickshaws .
such is the story of d prakash rao, living in the slums of cuttack, orissa, who gave up everything of his in order to adopt and realize the dreams of others .
we know that in our country there are three states that have already been declared open defecation free states, that is, sikkim, himachal pradesh and kerala .
even this year, we should try to organize 'run for unity' in our village, town, city or metropolis .
they can mention the quality of the goods, the rate at which they sell, and it is compulsory for the government departments to visit the site and see whether the supplier can supply the goods at reasonable prices without compromising on the quality .
you have probably known gurudev rabindranath tagore till date as a writer and a musician .
he further states that despite both personalities hailing from diverse family backgrounds, they enriched the legacy and the history of jharkhand .
the small trader, the small businessman, the vegetable vendor, the milk vendor, the one running a hair cutting salon has always been entrapped in the grip of the money lender, repaying interest all his life .
sharmila ji has rightly said that we do need to bring reforms for quality education .
i too had the opportunity to participate in the yoga event held in lucknow .
my dear countrymen, a multitude of people write to me about swachch bharat, i feel that if i have to do justice to their feelings then i will have to do the program mann ki baat every day and every day mann ki baat will be dedicated solely to the subject of cleanliness .
but have a few collection this is my only request .
there can be no greater donation than this .
lokmanya tilak ji gave us the inspirational mantra swaraj, that is, freedom is our birthright .
prime minister, i am shivani mohan calling .
he has written respected modi sir, first of all, congratulations on our winning two medals at rio .
my dear countrymen, we were struggling with droughtlike conditions last year but this august we have been facing the fury of floods all through .
i congratulate the government of meghalaya .
let us also make our contribution in enhancing this campaign .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, officer abhilash tomy of our navy was struggling between life and death .
these people should be invited to schools and colleges to share their experiences .
you can imagine the inner bliss of paying homage to our revered bapu, with fifteen days of this cleanliness campaign, swachchata hi seva, when we celebrate gandhi jayanti on the 2nd of october .
the familys new enterprise started developing .
the unique point in our constitution is that the rights and duties have been very comprehensively detailed .
that too echoed the same sentiment, and we believe that we should be ever grateful to those policemen police women, who relentlessly ensure our safety security .
the presidents, prime ministers, celebrities and ordinary citizens of many countries of the world showed me on the twitter how they celebrated yoga in their respective nations .
your ambitions are my ambitions .
about three and a half thousand families of our muslim brethren reside in that little village and in a way, form a majority of its population .
but my dear countrymen, we do have to go a long way .
my dear countrymen, sister shivani, whose parental side of the family as well as her family on the side of her in laws is full of army soldiers, has sent me a telephone message .
some social institutions have been involved in this activity for many years was common knowledge, but the youth of my country are engaged in this task, i only came to know later .
in a way, he was cutoff from active politics for the last 10 years .
this is an opportunity for encouraging entrepreneurship .
if the government gives even a small concession on tax or exemption from tax, then for a whole week we hear praise for that government being splashed on tv channels and in newspapers .
bhagini nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of indian culture .
central government and state governments are working hand in hand with their utmost efforts to provide relief and assistance to the floodaffected .
to me, diwali brought a special experience .
you will be pleased to know that even today, residents of village mattur in shivamoga district of karnataka use sanskrit as their lingua franca .
they have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen .
many volunteer organizations are engaged in this kind of work .
and, all of us took a resolve that on the 150th birth anniversary of revered bapu, we shall make some contribution in the direction of making clean india which he had dreamt of .
it was heartening to see many eminent personalities encouraging our youth in interesting ways for fit india .
we shall connect people through cleanliness .
by reducing the paper work, some of the states have made a good effort in speeding up the process involved in organ donation .
in its journey of 25 years, it has created an atmosphere of hope and confidence in the countrymen .
when i analyse this, you can visualise how heartening it must be for me, what a source of energy it is for me .
recently india proudly inscribed her name in various sectors of the global economic scenario .
the discovery channel plans to broadcast this programme in 165 countries in their respective languages .
they can also be sent to various districts as swachchha bharat fellows .
it seemed as if that from every corner of the world, there was a new inquisitiveness, new joy, new hope and new connection .
i am happy that they have shown exemplary enthusiasm on this front and on 22nd of this month crores of people contributed free labour, shramdaan across thousands of panchayats .
when they realised that the cultivation of the sugarcane should be given up because it consumed a lot of water, they went ahead and did it .
my dear countrymen, a few months ago, i was in dandi .
hence when i became the prime minister, it was natural for me to turn towards a strong, effective medium .
my heartiest greetings and best wishes to you all on this new year .
expectations make the path difficult .
he asked me, how many hours do you sleep .
gst is not only the victory of integrity but it is also a celebration of honesty .
an ecigarette is a type of electronic device unlike a typical cigarette .
this great symbol of peoples faith was locked up in the fort for hundreds of years, due to which the devotees despite a deep seated desire could not get a glimpse of .
the only mention ayush in some corner of the newspaper being a small department is once in 2 to 5 years .
you can well imagine the social strength this statement had .
can we remember that mantra of bapu .
in a way, a mass campaign of public education gets underway through these ganesh festivities .
she has formed a samiti committee of women who manufacture lanterns that run on solar energy .
the whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance .
presently mann ki baat is broadcast at 11 am but we are going to start its broadcast in regional languages immediately after my hindi broadcast .
it is true that dengue is dangerous but prevention of dengue is easier .
this time why cant we take the soil from the bottom of ponds for our fields .
he appeared at the test for recruitment into the air force, and failed in that .
he strove to ensure enshrinement of fundamental rights that obliterated any possibility of discrimination on the basis of caste and community .
pandit deen dayal upadhyay undertook the tremendous task of defining and elaborating upon the political ideology being followed by lakhs and lakhs of workers like me .
if we have to match its strides and move ahead, research and innovation are the keys, these are its lifelines and moving spirit .
devesh from delhi gas also sent me a similar message .
i invite you to write to me about your thoughts that i, as your representative, as your pradhan sevak should talk about from the red fort .
earlier, because of the multiple tax structures, maximum resources of the transport and logistics sector were expended in maintaining paperwork and that also led to the need for construction of new warehouses in each state .
a valiant fighter who played a significant role in our freedom struggle .
and, once the money is credited into your bank account, you can use your mobile phone as an ewallet and you do not need any hifi smart phone for this, because even with the help of your ordinary mobile phone itself you can make purchases from the neighbourhood shops and make payments as well .
only we know of the situation we faced at that time .
the yoga incident was a similar reminder .
my dear countrymen, i am not a yoga teacher .
india lags far behind in tourism when compared to the world .
in kathua district in jammu kashmir, all departments have been connected with beti bachao beti padhao yojana under the convergence model and in addition to the convening of gramsabhas, all efforts are being made by the district administrations for adoption of orphan baby girls and to ensure their education .
i have experienced the fact that this topic has stirred the nations heart strings collectively .
after this incident, sardar patel asked the mudaliar brothers to personally ensure all assistance for development of lakshadweep .
my dear countrymen, today is the 27th of may, the death anniversary of the first prime minister of india, pandit jawaharlal nehru ji .
of course, winning medals is a moment of joy glory for a sportsperson it is equally so as a festival of laurels for the country her countrymen .
babasaheb ambedkar was the chairman of this drafting committee .
e d bulb usage .
i get a variety of letters, written by all sorts of people .
because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress free life has become very difficult .
i even know that you are making a big contribution in positively taking this mission forward .
the workingclass women in our country their numbers are increasing day by day, their participation is increasing and this is a welcome trend .
in general also i have noticed that i have been receiving suggestions to speak on road safety and make the people aware of this .
i know you do it, but have you ever wondered that you can earn using this very scheme .
5th september happens to be the birthday of indias former president dr .
known as chowkabara in karnataka, attoo in madhya pradesh, pakidakaali in kerala, champal in maharashtra, daayaam and thaayaam in tamilnadu, changaa po in rajasthan, it had innumerable names .
sardar saheb unified the country .
this deed is commendable indeed it also displays their commitment towards cleanliness and the environment .
but it has been estimated that more than 80 of these one crore families chose to go to the distributor, stand in a queue and give in writing that they wish to surrender their subsidy .
when i asked, her father told me that she started reciting these shlokas since she was only five years old .
all of you must have celebrated deepawali with traditional fervour .
there has been such bountiful crop this time in the fields of our farmers that every day has appeared to be a celebration of pongal and baisakhi .
according to me, this was a one of a kind programme where the public directly entered into a dialogue with the government .
in 2007, it was decided to deploy female guards .
yoga has attained worldwide recognition as a measure of preventive health care .
an amendment bill to secure the rights of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes also were passed in this session .
she helped publication of basus research and publicity through her articles and conferences .
april, may, june and july is the most suitable time when rain water harvesting can be done and if we make preparations in advance, we can reap a rich harvest .
this will not only help the environment, but will also provide employment to many potter families .
dilip chauhan, from ahmedabad, gujarat, who is a visually challenged teacher celebrated accessible india day in his school .
i hope every indian being will swell with pride on this remarkable feat of mother india .
they are spending their entire retirement time and whatever they have earned on working for the poor .
she is into the business of making purses .
we have got a wonderful chance to serve our mother india and to take our country to new economic heights .
shilpa kukke from mysore has raised a very humane issue .
in the 2019 loksabha election, india saw over 61 crore voters exercising their franchise .
now, i cannot say that if i go somewhere and somebody brings a bouquet i will refuse it .
mann ki baat, october 2019 .
it sounds very simple, but in reality it is not so .
along with importance to education, there is importance to skill likewise, technology plays a very big role in education .
vaisakhi will be celebrated in punjab and in parts of western india in april .
every citizen has a right to know about the status of the cleanliness mission in his city and the government of india has provided a dedicated telephone number 1969 for this purpose .
we can only do this when we ourselves are proud of our traditions .
my dear countrymen, vineeta ji from gurugram has posted on mygov that in mann ki baat i should talk about the constitution day which falls on the 26th november .
only then will the habit of the body and mind will change .
if one has to achieve holistic development, the fact is that there exists a huge world, a life beyond books .
in government jobs, the extent of reservation for them has been enhanced to 4 .
other festivals of our country too, provide an opportunity to attract foreign visitors .
earlier, a court in katni in madhya pradesh awarded the death sentence to the guilty after a hearing of just five days .
just last week i went to bhutan .
atal bihari vajpayee ji was also in jail at that time .
but many issues raised in mann ki baat have been adopted by the media .
i want to thank you from the core of my heart for this decision .
on the contrary social values and society are .
he told me that the whole family is surprised at this amazing talent the girl has .
from day one, i have thanked our media friends since they have brought may such small and good success stories before the people .
in the coming days, we have plans to deploy such trash skimmers at other places also and the benefits of it will be felt by the people living on the banks of ganga and yamuna .
this day imparts the message to protect the unity, integrity and security of our country at any cost .
if we look around us, we will find many examples of individuals who have been working ceaselessly to foster communal harmony .
we can think of this figure as one ordinary but if i place it in a global perspective, if you exclude china, the number of people who voted in india exceeds the population of any other country in the world .
and i can share these small things with you through the app .
as a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th january at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature .
and i will like that eco friendly items related to ganesh utsav are displayed for wider publicity on my gov and narendra modi app .
each generation has this responsibility, the governments have this responsibility to explore possibilities of integration in each corner of the country and highlight the elements of our integration .
this is an appropriate example of our commitment towards south asia .
indeed, that exactly was the topic of discussion on the radio .
abp news has started a program called ye bharat desh hai mera .
he vowed to construct a hospital in order to ensure that none of the underprivileged face a similar situation due to lack of medical aid .
i am happy that a seminar workshop on table talk exercises and best practices was organized in delhi .
rahul played a brilliant 199 run innings .
in the coming days, we are also planning to take many important measures for implementing national road safety policy and road safety action plan .
i congratulate the friends in all india radio too for making their contribution in our foreign policy also .
i request tv channels also to invite such films and hold a competition .
i urge all of you to take utmost care of yourself and also celebrate the festival with great enthusiasm .
recently, during the 14th pravasi bharatiya diwas, niti aayog and indias foreign ministry had organized a unique competition .
for me, it was an opportunity to meet myself .
the central government has along with state governments and with the cooperation of municipal representatives of cities decided to launch a massive and important campaign of waste management .
1st may is the foundation day of the states of gujarat and maharashtra .
and the media can also take advantage of these inspiring stories .
three years ago you vested the responsibility of pradhan sewak the chief servant of the people upon me .
but when i read their letter, i realized how beautifully a symbolic message was given .
even today breaking the shackles social orthodoxy is so difficult .
india shares a lot of economic, cultural and political ties with the african nations .
when there is a talk of new india, its criticism, its analysis, it counter views, are but natural, and that is a fundamental of democracy .
three world records in a single day by divyang people is a matter of great pride for our countrymen .
once again next month we will meet again for another episode of mann ki baat .
i went for shopping with her at a mall .
parents also raise their children in a very protective manner .
it is simple because it can be easily learned and it is accessible, since it can be done anywhere .
he says that organ donation should be a celebrated as a festival .
in koppal district of karnataka, a sixteen year old girl mallamma started a satyagrah against her own family .
every government in our country has laid stress on education and every government has made efforts for it in its own way .
in mann ki baat, i have always remembered one sentence of acharya vinoba bhave .
just as a sea is formed by collection of tiny drops, similarly,a small constructive step, plays a vital role in creating a positive environment .
recently, while holding a meeting in this regard i remembered about of lakhpat saheb gurudwara .
my dear countrymen, every indian today, is proud and holds his head high .
indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war .
water collected in these tanks remained pure .
we have seen how closely the power of ram naam, the chant of lord rams name, permeated every moment of revered bapus life .
sometimes when we meet someone with different ability in the society then a lot of things come to our mind .
mishmi tribes of arunachal pradesh claim their relationship with tigers .
and i require your physical help, your own time, your own resolve and i am sure that you will not disappoint me because we are the ones nurturing the desire to change for better the life of the poor people of india .
and this common man, who occupies my mind all the time, always gets projected in mann ki baat .
she has drawn attention to this issue .
she wrote this in one of her poems, we shall not let you fly far way, we shall fill the courtyard with grains and fill the tank with sweet and cool water .
you can be sure that this the first step towards depression .
and youll witness for yourself the positive change that it will bring about in you .
you have taught a lesson to black money mongers and the corrupt through the demonetization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes .
be it public places, stations, religious places, hospitals, parks or other places, he ran a cleanliness drive .
our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together .
the first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness .
your apprehension is not misplaced .
why not add to our strengths .
in many states, people run meal campaigns on certain dates .
all ten champions of our country won medals in this tournament out of these, some players even won more than one medal .
when we talk about science, the first name that strikes us is that of bharat ratna sir c .
those who make purchases of more than three thousand rupees will not be entitled to rewards under this scheme .
celebrate festivities, enjoy with enthusiasm .
each department is to focus exclusively on cleanliness for a period of 15 days .
this in itself gives us an opportunity to see something new .
the 26th of november is our constitution day .
she further adds, for me, fitness comes with a smile and we should smile, when we are happy .
our country is a many splendoured land .
following that is the rakshak chakra which depicts the spirit of security .
on my exam result this time, some people asked me if i had read the book exam warriors .
my dear countrymen, i am glad that every time, i request people for suggestions in mann ki baat, numerous suggestions pour in .
usually, the countrys television and electronic media do a variety of programmes on yoga the whole year .
my name is santosh jadhav .
the old schemes continue along with the newly implemented schemes and there is also a wait for the next scheme on the anvil .
our country is also facing this problem .
this holy month of ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill .
this gurudwara suffered severe damage due to the devastating earth quake of 2001 in gujarat .
daredevil stunts performed by them was awe inspiring for our foreign guests .
this ritual is performed when the toddler starts feeding on solid food for the first time .
all these great men travelled widely in india .
in the medals chart, our tally was only two medals .
the fact is, when people are blessed with exemplary leadership, the might of arms pales in comparison to the collective will power of the people .
recently, in certain parts of india, particularly, assam, northeast, gujarat, rajasthan and some areas of bengal, have had to bear the brunt of natural disasters, caused by excessive rains .
sulagittinarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth .
never rest till every why, what how are answered .
he also founded the phoenix and tolstoy farms, from where the demand for peace and justice echoed to the whole world .
i would like to mention another name today, that of 75 year old subhasini mistri, hailing from west bengal, who was selected for the award .
he actually extricated himself from the sting of terrorism and hatred and topped in the kashmir administrative examination .
initially, shocked to see the condition of children begging around or doing some menial jobs that this group of youngsters got dedicatedly, selflessly involved into this creative mission .
in india, it has been said earth is the mother and i am her son .
our revered bapu and south africa shared an unbreakable bond .
we can turn beti bachao beti padhao into a mass movement .
there are many things for which we are dependent on the government .
in india, this has been accorded great importance for centuries .
under the gobardhan scheme our farmer brothers sisters in rural india will be encouraged to consider dung and other waste not just as a waste but as a source of income .
the traders will run their business activities smoothly and will also have an opportunity to win rewards .
i congratulate ecological protection organization, their entire team and the people of chandrapur .
we are still left with about three weeks for the international yoga day .
gujarat too has an illustrious tradition of observing van mahotsav .
today, due to this hobby, he garnered respect not only in india but the entire world .
kashmiris are now beginning to recognize well the true face of the antinational forces .
dear countrymen, there is news of dengue everywhere .
keeping all this in mind, we have launched three major schemes .
you just do one thing, take a resolve today itself that you will yourself become a part of the cashless society .
an ngo called ecological protection organization launched a cleanliness campaign in chandrapur fort .
the sacrifice, devotion and zeal of the jawans of our security forces occupies my mind and heart, my emotional universe all the time .
he used to preach that strength cannot be demonstrated by fighting against the weaker sections .
now, if i start including all those phone calls, comments, whatever i could read or hear, many of which touched my heart .
the month of august also brings the memories of uit india movement .
have you ever thought how many poor people can be fed if we dont thus waste our food .
you must be aware that our divyang sportspersons won 4 medals in the rio olympics through their stellar performances they also emerged champions in the t20 cricket world cup for the visually challenged .
a simple, peace loving personality, morarji bhai was one of the most disciplined leaders .
125 crores indians are not only marching together but they are taking the country forward too .
this week i had the opportunity to meet our daughters, the members of our womens cricket team .
i am happy to let you know that i played a positive active role in organizing the community mobilisation programme back to village in my state jammu kashmir .
after one year of emergency, atal ji wrote a poem, in which he describes the state of mind during those turbulent times .
on this holy event i shall get an opportunity to pay tributes to lord budha in sri lanka .
just imagine .
this came to the knowledge of local bank personnel, and i was happy to learn that they personally carried and handed over cash at his home, for help in treatment .
at a time when separatist forces are raising their ugly heads this has been indias great contribution to the world .
so he asked the students of a higher age group to educate the parents .
spectacular was the fact that they achieved this feat not inside an airplane but while floating mid air .
he has exhibited his paintings in many countries like netherlands, germany, england and italy .
there are many places where roti banks are operating .
brothers and sisters, our villages and our farmers are strong pillars of our economy .
his slogan jai jawan, jai kisan is the hall mark of his grand personality .
friends, dreams of making it big in life is a good thing, it is good to have some purpose in life, and you must achieve your goals .
it was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed .
we remember him and bow before him on his mahaparinirvan diwas on 6th of december .
thus i was also reminded of what had slipped my mind .
the name of this unique contest is clean beautiful toilet .
i believe this is gainful and this kind of a challenge will inspire us to be fit along with others, as well .
we could look at this as preparations for diwali, preparations for navaratri, preparations for durga puja .
mass participation led to good results .
another issue which comes up is this why are rules changed time and again .
and my dear countrymen, you will be happy to learn that the administration and the people together did construct 10,000 toilets in hundred hours successfully .
in the past few days the government has made an effort to ensure that the benefits of schemes reach out to the rightful owners .
i came across a news a few days back and these small news really gives me immense pleasure and i would like to share the same with you .
47 urban institutions had received about 3 to 3 5 thousand crore rupees in taxes last year .
in his memory, 15th september is observed as engineers day .
a number of organisations have also successfully carried out many experiments to promote digital transactions amongst the rural folk and poor farmers .
the government money is being directly transferred to the accounts of 15 crore beneficiaries .
i am thankful to bhai prakash ji for beginning his long letter with the sad departure of kalpana chawla .
their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother india .
more than 50 family members of subhash babus family who stay in different countries are specially coming down to attend this meeting .
at the age of seven she had dedicated herself as a devadasi but in a turnaround, for the welfare of the devdasis, she has spent her entire life .
the prime minister of the country is ready to be a postman to convey your good wishes to these players .
the ganges and the yamuna have plentiful of water but there are many other places in uttar pradesh like fatehpur district where two small rivers namely sasurkhaderi got dried out .
it is not for the government alone to maintain cleanliness .
we have formed a beautiful bond between us .
for this, efforts are being made in different parts of the country, in diverse ways .
and, we can ourselves clean these toilet pits just as we do other general cleaning .
'mission clean morna' shows that if a person is determined to do something, then nothing is impossible .
there is a holy place in kashi named gurubagh gurudwara it is believed that guru nanak dev ji had halted there .
besides, a train will be run on a route joining all the holy places connected with guru nanak dev ji .
the biggest achievement of this task is that the government officials involved in this task will have immense satisfaction that they have done something which will bring about such a big change in the lives of the people and the village itself be it the farmers, poor, young or women, should such things reach them or not .
are you aware that out of the wrestlers who represented india, each one of them returned with a medal .
sunder ji, what you say is absolutely correct .
in particular, our farmer brethren have to bear a lot of losses because of the damage to their crops and fields therefore, we have formulated a scheme for the insurance companies, especially crop insurance companies, to make them more proactive, to ensure quick settlements of claims for farmers .
but, to tell you the truth, this time we did not feel so .
the unveiling of the statue of lord vishweshwara on the land of london is in itself a perfect example of the fact that the great men of india were very farsighted .
i feel very concerned about the lives of pregnant women of our country .
just a few days ago, a historic cricket match took place in bengaluru .
i would again like to congratulate all the people associated with this initiative and i would like to request the poor brethren who have opened an account to never severe this relationship .
italy's ms .
and when labour day is referred to, labour is discussed, labourers are discussed, it is but natural for me to remember babasaheb ambedkar .
governments have come and gone .
we have to take this task forward do it this time as well .
it is the need of the times that weve to address the aspirations that have been arisen in the poor of our nation .
you may see for yourself, that for your inner development also, these diversities of our country work as a big teaching tool .
lots and lots of good wishes to you all .
in the present 479 medical colleges, mbbs seats have been increased to about 68 thousand .
he also believed that poverty cannot be ameliorated by mere distribution of capital among the impoverished .
my dear countrymen i want to share good news with you .
we do organic farming in our fields and also guide a lot of others regarding it .
mann ki baat february 2018 .
the martyrdom of these brave soldiers brought to the fore, through the media, touching, inspiring stories of their kin, which give hope and strength to the entire country .
how do we rejuvenate our traditional heritage which was lying inactive for 20, 25 or 30 years .
wherever such tinkering labs are established in schools, those would be given 10 lakh rupees and further 10 lakh rupees will be provided for maintenance during the period of five years .
thousands of people have expressed similar sentiments .
there are several studies being conducted on how yoga is effective in curbing diabetes .
each one should nurture dreams for the next olympics .
you might have also observed that whenever we feel tired and exhausted, splashing a glass of water on our face has a wonderful rejuvenating effect .
will you let your holidays during the most important years of your life slip away just like that .
ekta in her email writes 'the most important moment in the life of any athlete is that when he or she holds the tricolor and i am proud that i could do that .
january, february, march, april all these are for every family, months of most severe test .
i convey my blessings to the newlyweds bharat and dakshaa and profusely compliment them also for having transformed their wedding occasion into an offering for the great task and thereby converting it into a new opportunity .
they have left no stone unturned as saviors of those trapped in the floods .
and simultaneously as a consequence, it is strengthening efforts towards protecting the environment .
both bapu and mandela are not only sources of inspiration for the entire world, but their ideals have always encouraged us to create a society full of love and compassion .
and i'm glad that our government paid heed to this matter .
i too got delighted .
a few hours later, the year will change, but this sequence of our conversation will go on, just the way it is .
for mahatma gandhi, the individual and society, human beings humanity was everything .
i would like to congratulate both these brothers and send my best wishes .
they dont possess any value in themselves .
do not look at ayurveda and yoga as a means of medical treatment only instead of this we should make them a part of our life .
regardless of the fact that india could not win the title, the young players of india won the hearts of everyone .
i invite you to work for this mission individually and collectively in every school, in every college, in every university, in ncc and in nss .
and, there would hardly be a city in uk where diwali is not celebrated with a great pomp and show .
lord vitthal safeguards the interests of the poor, the deprived ones and the ones who are suffering .
and, i shall never be able to forget what our victorious sister deepa malik had to say .
since we are referring to healthcare, i would like to mention the social endeavour of doctors in bijnor, uttar pradesh .
as we get ready to celebrate womens day this 8th march, there is only one sentiment with strength, with vitality, the indian woman comes to the forerightfully deserves equality neither less, nor more my dear countrymen, all of you get an opportunity to express your views from time to time in mann ki baat .
halku the farmer is happy even after his crops are destroyed by frost, because now he will not be forced to sleep in his fields in the cold winter .
during my past uk visit, in london, the ueen of britain, ueen elizabeth had invited me to dine with her .
the wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality .
under this scheme, there are more than a hundred customers who have received prizes of one lakh rupees each .
in where after constructing a toilet you can register your name and the name of the beneficiary family, who you helped .
our country is also using space technology in devices employed in saving assets and life .
identifying her anonymous persona, she has been honoured with the padma shri for her contribution to society .
gradually, people are shedding their hard currency mindset and moving towards digital currency .
sant ravidas ji tried to explain the importance of labour and the worker throughout his life via his messages .
he was the president, but all through his life, he saw himself as a teacher .
truly our young generation, especially the daughters of our country are doing so much to bring glory to the nation .
i expect that all of us citizens should contribute as much as we can in the cleanliness mission .
they succeeded in reviving the dried out sasur khaderi river with the help and cooperation of people from 4045 villages of the area .
this will perhaps become a big thing among friends .
these art panels have a beautiful past .
the villagers also had a glimpse people realized the importance of the role of mahatma gandhi in developing the ties of both india and africa and also the effect of his personality on these nations .
sister nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads .
when i started reading about the freedom struggle , it was then i realized that how much struggle was involved in getting india freed, how much sacrifices were given and how so many freedom fighters spent years in prison .
the constitution of india, the duties of citizens, the rights of citizens and our commitment to democracy these in a way make republic day also a festival of sanskaars, which makes our future generations cognizant of democracy and their democratic responsibilities, and also imparts to them the culture, moral values and norms inherent in our democracy .
the globetrotting indians on their trip to uk can visit the memorial being erected by the maharashtra government it will be inspirational to many .
have you observed the way i have frequently used terms such as the best ever or new, unprecedented record .
from mahatma gandhi to shastri ji, lohia ji, chaudhari charan singh ji, chaudhari devi lal ji they all recognized agriculture and the farmer as vital aspects of the nations economy and also for the common mans life .
the need of the hour is to revive the motherson relationship .
mann ki baat, june 2019 .
i specially thank you for your phone call .
but very few people know the fact that the slogan, uit india was coined by dr .
it is also but natural that we remember his slogan jai jawan jai kisan .
14th december is national energy conservation day .
when mother teresa, who served the poor in india all through her life, is accorded sainthood, it is quite natural for we indians to feel proud .
if only for five minutes, give yourself a break .
not only that, we may be having in our homes a lady making food for us or a lady who cleans our house, a daughter of an impoverished mother .
it is solely on account of the tireless exertions of our countrymen that on myriad indicators, india has charted an upward trajectory in global rankings .
discount is offered on khadi from 2nd october and people get quite a good rebate .
it was the map of an india that was divided into myriad fragments .
today i am immensely delighted that the passing of this law for the welfare of the divyaangjan will open up additional avenues of employment for them .
sardar patel is the great personality who devoted his whole life to unite the country and, i think, he succeeded fully in this mission of his, he brought everybody together .
during the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management .
and, whoever reads that debate will feel proud about what actually the vision of a life dedicated to the nation is .
about 8085 programmes have already been conducted .
i really wanted to share it with you .
the chief minister of andhra pradesh, mr chandrababu naidu is the head of a committee which is considering various schemes under this .
i can very well understand the problems you are going through .
let me quote an incident .
and when i saw those letters, i used to be amazed at the magnitude of creativity and emotions behind this endeavour .
in the days to come, wherever we are, let us do our bit to encourage our sportspersons .
today, i can say that tamil nadu today ranks first in the field of organ donation .
let us come together and take inspiration from these holy festivals and share their joyous treasures, and take the nation forward .
exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion .
it inspired linking these two dates for this reason, the government of india, along with the cooperation of the state governments, has launched a campaign from gram uday to bharat uday from the rise of villages to the ascent of india, over the 10day period between 14th april and 24th april .
gurudev tagore was a personality full of knowledge and intellect whose writings left an indelible mark on everyone .
the government does not wish that our countrymen should face undue hardships .
true there are other extremes also but most are brought up in this comfort zone syndrome .
sanitation ministers from countries across the world and experts on the subject of sanitation will converge and share their experiments and experiences .
in another doha, kabir has written .
he is not from a big city, he does not come from a middle class or rich family .
if you remember positive events, then you will be in a mood to do good around you .
in the past, one thing came to my attention and it happens to be a very unique combination .
cleanliness was more important for gandhi than freedom .
and when it comes to the practice of humanity, they appear two steps ahead .
today, the villagers have to go to other villagers for charging their mobile phones .
therefore, this is an example that if there is an aim then even a small department can do a supreme job .
deepawali is celebrated with great fervor and enthusiasm throughout our country .
why not overcome some of our shortcomings .
we can understand this from bapus life .
he has said since this is the third international yoga day i should make an appeal that on this third international yoga day, three generations of the family should do yoga together .
be it the indus, the ganges, the yamuna or the saraswati our rivers and seas are both economically and strategically important .
felicitations to all of you on the occasion of these festivals .
we have to face temporary setbacks in life .
the diligent hard work by this countrys workers, and farmers, and youth has scripted a new chapter of success with flying colours .
it holds much for people across the age and class spectra to see and learn .
vyas ji played a vital role .
it was the result of his understanding, prudence and activism that a part of bengal could be saved and it is still a part of india .
three braveheart women bhavna kanth, mohana singh and avani chaturvedi have become fighter pilots and are undergoing training on the sukhoi 30 .
i am probably not able to convey all these to you but still i get a treasurefull of ideas over email, over telephone, over mygov .
jawans from our security forces have to perform duties in difficult and remote areas .
the only people feeling uncomfortable would be the dishonest persons and the middlemen .
the enslaved india which was gazed at by the world in a much distorted manner was forced to change its way of looking at india due to the words of a great man like swami vivekananda on september 11, 1893 .
last time i had completed a year in power .
but tabaabi devi created history by bagging the silver medal at the youth olympics .
the importance of selfless service, the importance of knowledge, or be it marching ahead smilingly, amidst the trials and tribulations of life, we can learn all these from lord krishnas lifes message .
and our sportspersons, through their prowess, skills and accomplishments win laurels for the country as well .
their will power, their struggle with life and their zeal to transform crisis into opportunity is worth lot of praise .
while we all understand the dangers of common cigarettes, a misconception has been generated about ecigarettes .
thank you for your phone call .
on 24th january 'kalam sat' fashioned by our students had been launched .
other arrangements are in progress, but he did something really innovative .
i look at the positive side of it, which is that even the parliament of the country is discussing about the issue of cleanliness in india .
but today more than expanding education what is necessary is to improve the quality of education .
whereas the fact is, through the asat, we have acquired the capability of destroying a satellite three hundred kilometres away in a mere three minutes .
i profusely thank all such compatriots who have striven hard to perform this mahayagya, and lived up to the lofty virtue of purusharth .
an era was born, that charted the course of human history on an altogether new path, with trail blazing accomplishments on the way .
what a wonderful journey of life he has had, only because he followed the route of competing with himself rather than competing with others .
that is why i declared on 15th august that it is not just an agricultural department but an agricultural and farmer welfare department will be created .
it was this movement that had made the entire nation determined to attain freedom from the british rule .
recently, all india radio got a survey done on mann ki baat .
where do we want to reach as a nation .
in the year 2019, the announcement of prime minister's awards for excellence in the promotion and development of yoga was a matter of great satisfaction for me .
he has been trying to get children inspired to conduct scientific experiments using waste .
the same narayan is winning medals for india at international events .
when i went to kerala, it was rekindled .
i seek benediction from lord buddha for the entire world, so that we can fulfill our responsibility in building a peaceful and compassionate world based on his teachings .
just a while ago, from the 4th of april to the 15th of april, the 21st commonwealth games were held in australia .
let me keep on listening to your thoughts, let me keep on understanding and cherish them .
some of these ideas and suggestions i will definitely put in front of you during the town hall program .
compared to normal sporting activities, when the divyang play, in addition to physical ability and sporting skills, what are needed even more are will power and resolve .
the inhabitants of this village from last few months tried and lead a campaign for building toilets in the village .
we are using space technology to improve delivery and accountability of government services .
terrorism has taken an ugly shape and has become a global threat almost as a daily routine .
and science has proved that on these days changes take place impacting the seawater .
but, sometimes because of time, sometimes because of distance and at times because of situations that spirit gets faded but just with a touch of a tiny spark, everything reemerges which takes one back to old memories .
there was a time when there was khadi for nation isnt it the need of the hour that there be khadi for fashion .
but, i saw that this time in most of these suggestions, people had asked me to say something about the rio olympics .
his nephew chandra bose had organized everything .
it has revealed to the entire world that india is the land of great scientists and with a strong leadership, india can reach loftier destinations and earn new laurels .
they, by their diligence, are powering positive changes in the lives of others in myriad ways .
loss of lives cannot be compensated, but i assure the griefstricken families that in this moment of suffering misery, a hundred twenty five crore indians stand by them, shoulder to shoulder .
it is a feature in the life of most of the successful players that they compete with themselves .
all this has been done on the occasion of deepawali .
during one udaasi, gurunanak dev ji travelled north to kashmir and neighboring areas .
if we resolve now, our efforts will lead to employment generation for those families which traditionally used to make clay idols in the past .
a sense of belonging towards the village and towards ones roots and also a spirit to show and do something is naturally there in each and every indian .
i extend my thanks to bangladesh also for collaborating with us in this initiative .
before the haripura session, in 193738, mahatma gandhi had invited the then principal of shantiniketan kala bhavan, nandlal bose .
the brave peacekeepers from this land of mahatma gandhi and gautam budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world .
and this is a great process in democracy .
there is absolutely no need to spend much on wedding reception or any other item .
you could compose as many songs and poems on yoga, as possible, as these can be easily understood by the masses .
the captain of maharashtra under21 women's kabaddi team, sonali helvi is from satara .
as i am talking to you today , the holy month of ramzan has already commenced .
no civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the womanpower of the country .
our women players won a silver medal at the asian rugby sevens trophy recently .
the upcoming generations of our nation will always remember his priceless contribution in maintaining the sanctity of indian democracy .
united nations has resolved to provide universal health coverage for all by 2030 .
there is no wonder that our foremost freedom fighters were the brave people from our tribal communities .
this time when i had come to mumbai, i felt like meeting you in person .
be it someone from middle class, lower middle class, dalit, exploited, victim or deprived, they have to continuously be in touch with the government or its various organizations .
it should be our pledge that water from the villages stays in the villages and water for the cities remains available for them .
less than a hundred days are now left for the international yoga day on 21st june .
actually from kashmir to kanyakumari and from kutch to kamrup and from amreli to arunachal pradesh, these 34 months have examinations galore .
after independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at red fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the azad hind government .
normally it is one or two children in a home due to appear at their exams, but the entire family feels the burden of it .
today, muslim women can perform haj without 'mahram' or male guardian and i am happy to note that this time about thirteen hundred muslim women have applied to perform haj without 'mahram' and women from different parts of the country from kerala to north india, have expressed their wish to go for the haj pilgrimage .
we should contribute towards ensuring reducing the use of cash, of currency notes .
but there was something which surprised me and made me equally happy .
i urge eminent people of the country to come forward and jointly contribute in campaigning for spreading awareness on voter registration and casting ones vote on the day of polling .
if we talk of 201718, 55 percent of the total outlay of rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation .
in sound byte my name is abhi chaturvedi .
i was reading about the collective endeavour in vellore of tamilnadu where 20 thousand women came together to revive the nag river .
it is also known by different names .
after reading these stories, i felt myself to be empathetic .
it is true that the more we give prominence to good things, the less space there will be for bad things .
i too participated in a programme held at jodhpur in the land of the valiant, rajasthan .
now listen to this phone call, which i have received namaskar, pradhan mantri ji, my name is monica and since i am a class 12th student, i wanted to ask you a couple of questions regarding the board exams .
now the entrance gate of akshayavat have been opened for everyone .
this is to aid those who are incapable of speech to converse normally like any other person .
north east is one region that has made grand progress in organic farming .
that too silently, and with devotion, as if they are performing tapasya or sadhana .
but in the chola navy, a large number of women played leading roles and that too about eight to nine hundred years ago .
diabetes is of two types type 1 and type 2 .
i heartily congratulate all these cleanlinessloving countrymen for their efforts .
if you are unable to express yourself to your family and friends, then do one thing, go out in society with a sense of service .
you must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished .
why dont we use these fairs to spread the message of water conservation .
i would like to hear your views on this thank you .
i extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of vasant panchami .
i am confident that our youth will definitely help me in this task .
the belief that service to humanity is service to god, is innate to us .
i am not urging too much on this issue, but i would like this awareness to spread .
i am sometimes worried that much of our younger generation prefer leading life in their comfort zones .
development is the key to our problems .
we are all witness to the fact that how within a year a place developed as a world famous tourism destination .
lord budha, lord mahavir, guru nanak, mahatma gandhi this is the land which gave the message of love and nonviolence to the world .
shri khandu maruti mhatre, a farmer of narayanpur village of of junner taluka of pune got his granddaughter sonal married in a very inspiring manner .
it is true that a hundred percent cashless society is not possible .
this occasion is celebrated as national sports day throughout the country .
he overcame the adverse situation and scripted his own success story .
my heartiest congratulations to all these players .
and why should not things change .
first one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15 of the total seats in the state assembly .
anyway, being the first match, it is naturally memorable, but i will cherish it for a special reason .
as it is i have spent close to 40 to 45 years as a travelling mendicant and have been to most of the districts in our country including the remotest once where i spent a lot of time .
i do not know if everyone likes this or not, but i am saying it out of personal experience .
and she has created history by winning a medal for the country .
after the successful mission of sending mangalyaan to planet mars, recently isro scripted a world record in the arena of space .
avail dual benefits, its security and interest on the gold .
not many would know that ramanujacharya relentlessly struggled against rampant social evils such as the class divide, the chasm between touchable and untouchables and the caste system .
i had urged people to send me thir inputs and ideas with regard to this programme .
the second painful fact was that the river was completely filled with wild grass and hyacinth .
and i had also foreseen that this would result in all of us having to face various new difficulties in our daytoday lives .
at an event, our tricolour was unfurled at the very site where netaji subhash bose had unfurled it exactly 75 years ago .
the whole scenario of the uit india movement was different and in 1942 things rose to such a point, there was such a heightened sense of intensity, that a mahapurush like mahatma gandhi gave the mantra of do or die .
all of us took up the responsibility and the result is that in the last four years or so, sanitation coverage has almost doubled and risen to around 80 percent .
this achievement is a very good omen for the future of our hockey team .
if this subsidy reached people on time or not the government has made some changes in the scheme .
for about two months now, everyday fifteen thousand people have been winning a prize of a thousand rupees each .
in such a situation, the segregation and management of garbage is a very important task in itself .
but on the suggestion of our brother akhilesh vajpayee, our government looked into this suggestion seriously and we have implemented this facility in our system for our disabled brothers and sisters .
my dear countrymen, 26th january is a historic festival for all of us .
just a few days ago, i was watching the story of shriman yogesh saini and his team on the media .
increased moisture in the environment leads to bacterial growth and so, keeping the environment clean becomes important .
today, when there is confrontation and human suffering prevalent everywhere in the world, lord buddha's teachings show the way to rid hatred from the world with compassion .
kartik has written on narendramodiapp that our athletes who participated in the paralympics have created a new history and their performance is a triumph of the human spirit .
these days i get a lot of messages on phone calls also .
i also had the good fortune of traveling from pietermaritzburg station in the train in which mahatma gandhi had travelled, and which was the site of the incidence that sowed the seed of the transformation of a mohandas into mahatma gandhi .
or striving for justice to someone by working as lawyer .
he knows that smoking or tobacco causes great damage to the body .
and i keep insisting that we must buy some handloom products made by our weavers, our khadi artisans .
i do know some young persons, who are active in such campaigns they have created mobile apps .
and that is why his birthday is celebrated as national unity day .
not only this, they lauded them and showered them with high praise for their brilliant performance .
after i examined all the suggestions, i can say that these can macroscopically be roughly divided into three categories .
from tiny tots to grandfathergrandmother, when we all play these games together then the term generation gap disappears on its own .
the year was 1998 .
whenever you come to delhi, you must pay a visit to these places .
it is the responsibility of each one of us that in our own ways, observing our respective traditions and in tune with our respective family surroundings, we should strive to transform every year these 34 months into a festival .
just a while ago, 16 year old shivangi pathak became the youngest indian woman to scale everest from the nepal side .
tomorrow on the 28th of august, the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna will complete three years .
my dear countrymen, one of gandhijis mantras is very relevant event today .
but, the great task that the country wants to accomplish today is the realisation of our dream of a cashless society .
and, on teachers day, i salute pulela gopi chand ji for his hard work, his dedication towards sports and his manner of finding happiness in the success of his disciples .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago i happened to glance through a news item, it said two youths make modis dream come true .
and all this has been possible due to the relentless efforts of a 130 crore countrymen .
there were lots of complaints about this scheme .
witnessing the journey that atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead .
startup india, standup india brings in a huge opportunity for the young generation .
every citizen and peoples organizations have a big responsibility .
as far as the economy is concerned, hundreds of families start making rakhis in small household units, many months before the festival of rakhi .
and whenever we talk of the 65 war it is natural that we remember lal bahadur shastri .
the concerns you have raised on the depleting ground water levels is indeed of great importance .
two days ago a visual of an accident in delhi caught my attention, wherein the victim on scooter was fighting for his life for ten minutes post the accident .
diabetes was found to be the cause of death in three per cent of all deaths .
our country possesses a very important institution .
today when i talk to you, i want to mention that around a year back the jan dhan yojana was started at a large scale .
i told them that for this season why dont all these organizations and our youth make an effort for water conservation .
the sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals .
particularly for my farmer brothers and sisters, our new satellite cartosat 2d will be immensely helpful on a whole lot of subjects such as knowing how much water is there in our existing water sources, how this should be best put to use, what things to keep in mind in this regard .
just a few days ago some one drew my attention towards bilal dar, a young man of 18 years from srinagar .
he ensured the welfare of every section of society .
these ganesh festivities included holding wideranging discussions on the issues that touched our lives and society, and comprised such programmes which provided a new vigour and vitality to our social fabric .
there is an established thinking regarding the startups that they are meant only for the digital world or the it profession .
two days back we completed the 50 years of the 1965 war .
there cannot be a bigger example of compassion than this .
my dear countrymen, the government, society, institutions, organizations, in fact everyone, is making some or the other effort towards greater cleanliness .
2nd october is the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri, 11th october is the birth anniversary of jai prakash narain and nanaji deshmukh and pandit deen dayal upadhyays birth anniversary falls on 25th september .
i feel fortunate that the occasion of the great festival of budha purnima is celebrated as vesak day by the united nations .
there is no dearth of talent in our country .
i have received an incredible phone call .
these were his ideals .
the new generation is more or less freeing itself from the shackles of cash .
he used to say that all these khadi clothes have been woven after putting in a hard labour, every thread of these clothes must be utilized .
farmer aunty of muzaffarpur in bihar, or rajkumari devi is very inspiring .
our space program has been possible due to innumerable young scientists of the country .
about 175 child marriages have been prevented so far .
leaving out things that are beyond the constraints of time and accepting betterment in things wherever necessary .
and that is why i say let us aim to innovate .
equality and equal opportunity, compassion and fraternity, these are the paths leading us to a bright future .
when i first heard about it, i wondered how it could be possible .
this is a festival linked with nature .
there are many who try to provide food to the hungry .
i would request the youth to send me their suggestions directly on the narendra modi app .
i heartily congratulate garima, the students and more than 1600 schools who participated and hrd ministry for this initiative .
guru nanak dev jis 550th prakash parv will be celebrated in a similar manner in all the countries of the world as well .
just imagine that one man, who came to india in 1915, and had been in the country for barely two years .
this means i shall take up our thoughts and ideas accumulated over the three months of march, april entire may after the elections, with confidence anew with the power of your blessings, once again i shall begin this series of conversations through mann ki baat .
the chola rulers possessed a very rich and sound knowledge of ship building .
modi ji i watch whether on tv or social media, wherever you go, one can see people in that city pay special attention to cleanliness .
i received a lot of photographs out of which, selected photographs are compiled and uploaded on the narendramodiapp .
prakash tripathi jis commitment to democracy is praiseworthy not only is democracy a system, but also a sanskar a part of our ethos .
you just need to make small regular changes in order to transform your habits, making them a part of your way of life .
come on, let us listen to a phone call .
he has written that he wants to know about the birth centenary of dindayal ji .
this change brought about two important changes in indias politics .
the monsoon session of parliament ended just a few days back .
you must have been a witness yourself to the curiosity in the air when the padma awards are announced, and people are inquisitive about the awardees .
get away from technology, and try to spend some time with yourself .
i request the citizens also to get involved, wherever they feel that they too can pitch in these programmes .
i would like you to hear one such phone call namaskar, pradhan mantri ji, this is neetu garg from gurgaon .
for one reason or the other, we confine ourselves to celebrating and observing centenaries of events mostly .
any machine will work the way we want it to .
ripudaman ji, i felt nice talking to you .
the sheer volume of students, who appeared in the board examinations, is a clear indication that our children from jammu kashmir are committed to attain newer heights of progress, to build a bright future through the medium of education .
as a society, as a nation can we make it a natural tendency to respect the statues of our great men .
come, let us try advance on the path of his ideals teachings .
this circle houses a row of dense trees .
according to estimates, around one crore soldiers and almost the same number of civilians lost their lives .
in this age when radio was fading into oblivion, why did modi opt for the airwaves .
it has commenced functioning .
if the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as economy and science technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports .
my dear countrymen, when gandhiji said that by maintaining cleanliness, freedom will be won then he probably was not aware how this would happen but this did happen and india got freedom .
he lost the ability to stand on his own feet, but jawed ahmed did not concede defeat .
a lot of the poor have been benefitted .
all this was done, just to ensure that no voter was deprived of his or her voting rights .
it has now been decided that our soldiers will give a befitting reply to whosoever makes an attempt to destroy the atmosphere of peace and progress in our nation .
despite that, one should keep talking about it, and keep making the effort .
development of the poorest of the poor is the real indicator of peace .
this is the same nandlal bose whose artwork adorns our constitution .
there was a combination of large ships and small boats in the maratha navy .
this year, our country will undergo lok sabha elections .
just imagine, these luminaries gave us such a comprehensive and detailed constitution within a period of just less than 3 years .
in the past few weeks, we all witnessed that there were dust storms in the different regions of the country, along with heavy winds and unseasonal heavy rains .
you may now like them, retweet them, post them to your friends .
but we must all come together .
sir, as you know, 31st october is sardar patel jis birthday .
unity in diversity is the strength of our country .
once again, i thank all of you from the core of my heart .
the head of every indian is held high .
in a few days from now, mahashivrartri will be celebrated, and that too on a monday, and when a shivratri falls on a monday, it becomes all that special in our heart of our hearts .
but we must also connect with the drive to rid the country of black money and corruption with all our might .
my dear countrymen, the sky offers the rarest of hues .
the morna river was a perennial river flowing throughout the twelve months of the year but now it has become seasonal .
madhya pradeshs orcha fort is another example of that .
like the conventional cigarette, it does not spread odour as fragrant chemicals are added to it .
guru nanak dev ji also went to tibet where people accorded him the status of a guru .
as you know and i had said it last time also, you can now listen to my mann ki baat in about 20 languages whenever you wish to .
there is a great significance of sports in overall personality development .
badminton star kidambi srikanth has filled every indians heart with pride by clinching the denmark open title with his excellent performance .
our country is blessed with the maximum number of young people .
ananya awasthi .
and once again, best wishes for the new year 2018 to all of you .
systems have been made, changed, nurtured, and expanded .
it is now a full three years since i started speaking to you over mann ki baat .
there were attempts to reduce the tension in the sociopolitical environment .
at times, people thinking differently from us also provide new ideas .
some people also go outside their states .
prophet muhammad sahib believed that a person is rich because of his inherent spirituality, and not materialistic wealth .
my dear students, you must have thought of travelling to places during your holidays .
it is proclaimed in shukracharya neeti that naastimulam anaushadham meaning that there is no plant that does not have medicinal values .
go, explore, go to the jungles sometimes there are summer camps, for development of different facets of your personality you can participate in these camps .
my dear countrymen, agriculture makes a very major contribution to the fundamentals of our countrys economy .
you will never feel a test, a test again .
he showed us that to succeed it is not necessary for the person to be born in an illustrious or rich family, but even those who are born to poor families in india can also dare to dream their dreams and realize those dreams by achieving success .
it is my faith that awareness in this field will increase and the needful will receive the best of help in true sense .
for the innovative manner in which importance of waste management and cleanliness were displayed in this festival, i congratulate the people of raipur municipal corporation, the entire populace of chhattisgarh, its government and administration .
instead of sugarcane, they have taken to such crops like fruits and vegetables that require much less water .
this time the theme is 'beat plastic pollution' .
all these addictions have to be avoided to be a part of fit india .
i had told about my cleanliness campaign that it will create new entrepreneurs .
said he sir, just listen to the radio .
perhaps our ancestors intricately wove the annual seasonal cycle, the economy cycle and social life systems in a way that ensured, that under no circumstances, dullness crept into society .
can you imagine that there is a department under government named ayush .
these are not just medals but an evidence of the sky high spirits of the indian players .
the increasing interest in khadi has infused a new thinking in those working in the khadi sector as well as those connected, in any way, with khadi .
the world duly took notice of indias efforts in the areas of solar energy climate change .
all of us have seen houses and buildings being constructed of bricks and stones but can you imagine that about twelve hundred years ago, a giant mountain which was a single stone mountain was give the shape of an elegant, huge and a unique temple this may be difficult to imagine, but this happened and that temple is kailash nath mandir in ellora, mahrashtra .
sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective .
my effort is to send letters to more than one crore people .
every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps .
there is a reason behind my excitement .
crores of rupees would be spent on these committees .
hence, the indian diaspora has a significant role to play in promoting festival tourism in india .
these are our gateway to the whole world .
i have full faith that this new scheme will usher a new change in the financial development of the country and i will get your support in this .
he lived till 103 years .
there is going to be a very big draw of prizes worth crores of rupees on 14th april .
now, this survey will be conducted in about 500 cities with a population of more than 1 lakh each city will imbibe a sense of confidence that, well, we have lagged behind but we will surely perform better next time .
i had gifted a rogan painting titled 'tree of life' done by abdul gafoor, to the former president of usa, mr barack obama .
can we fill empty cement and fertiliser bags with pebbles and sand and use them to stop water from flowing out through breaches .
medicines available at the jan aushadhi centres are 50 to 90 cheaper than branded drugs available in the market .
participants hailing from every age group in lakhs, participated in this campaign to read books .
on the 8th of november at 8 in the evening, in my address to the nation, i had talked about launching a mega campaign to bring about reforms in the country .
no political person is ever happy with the media, he feels that he is getting a very little coverage or the coverage given to him is negative .
whether they be conveyed through photographs, in the form of a small story, or as a small video, i invite all of you to welcome the year 2018 in a benefic atmosphere, with positive memories, with positive thinking and with positive tidings .
these people are the real agents of change, pioneers of transformation .
we have got an opportunity to render a great service to our nation this chance must not be missed .
i had told you last year as well that you all must have all kind of fashionable clothing, all kinds of fabric, a lot of things, but you must also own khadi .
that is why good quality medicines are made available at affordable prices .
she has mastery in synthesizing medicines used for treatment of snake bites .
this will be the last edition of mann ki baat in 2015 .
when i would listen to the stories of a common man, his guileless words narrating his experience would touch my heart .
they can visit the world famous holy places like the sun temple of konark, lord jagannath temple in puri and chilka lake along with enjoying the games there .
5 thousand crores to 13 thousand crores .
today the fifth one day cricket match is being played between india and south africa in mumbai .
this is 8 percent more than the last record set up by our farmers .
to live in consonance and closed coordination with the nature has been an integral part of our tribal communities .
we all know that addiction to, tobaccois very harmful for health and it becomes very difficult to quit this addiction .
a number of important bills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session .
and im happy to see that cleanliness is no longer confined to being a government programme .
during his tenure, the 44th constitutional amendment was introduced .
yoga has to be made popular among the youth, the senior citizens, men and women from all age groups through interesting ways .
i am glad that many people have given me feedback .
my dear countrymen, this time the session of parliament became the object of ire of our countrymen .
and i had stated then also that this decision was so enormous that it would take us at least 50 days to come out of its after effects and only then would we be able to move towards normalcy .
your progress is a vital part of the countrys progress .
the air force defeated the enemy at tiger hill by carrying out air sorties on their positions round the clock .
the common people from the society belonging to the middle and lower middle class have difficulty in giving up subsidy .
this is a chance for the sports lovers to see odisha .
people remembered him as the best member of parliament, sensitive writer, best orator and most popular prime minister and will continue to remember him .
even in many islamic countries this practice does not exist .
or you could tell yourself, i type with just two fingers on the keyboard, so shouldnt i learn proper way of typing .
for kavita tiwari, her daughter is the lakshmi of india, her strength .
the weather too these days is pleasant .
i extend felicitations to all on the occasion of mahavir jayanti .
we will have to give a thought to what will happen if theres no water .
some have written in detail about people facing difficulties and encountering inconveniences .
there must be hardly an indian citizen who does not show deep regard for her, does not revere her .
my dear fellow citizens, today is the 24th of april .
now, not in maharashtra alone but in each corner of india, ganesh utsav is celebrated publicly .
in this hes trying his hand on the volleyball with others .
i believe that all of you should hear it and follow it .
such was his sense of honesty commitment that the farmer, the worker right up to the industrialist trusted him with full faith .
my most sincere and heartfelt tributes to malviyaji on his birth anniversary .
sports are considered a waste of time in our society .
it would not be wrong to say that he has illustrated to the entire world the real meaning of dignity of labour .
the significance of summer internship is soaring as it is, an altogether new experience in itself .
ive seen a lot of young people these days, spending time in learning new things .
the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers .
do we not feel that water conservation must be a social responsibility .
to plant 25 lakhs of sapling in rajasthan is not a small matter .
the branches of grameen, that is, rural banks there getting 75 of their customers to make at least two digital transactions between january and march will get 50 thousands rupees rewards from the government .
it is not that the cleanliness remains confined to that place people should carry back the message of cleanliness with them .
i remember, when i was the chief minister of gujarat the temple of ambaji there is visited in the month of bhadrapad by lakhs of devotees travelling by foot .
after hockey, good news for india also came in badminton .
it is my belief that you will surely publicise and spread awareness about this quiz .
on the 2nd of october, 1869, at the beach of porbandar, in kirti mandir as it is known today, in that tiny abode, not just a person .
whenever we hear the words nonviolence, love and forgiveness, the inspiring faces of gandhi and mandela appear before us .
and it seems that the denizens of the villages have become involved in the competition for raising a water temple, in their respective villages .
i would like to convey to parents that we do exactly the same with our children .
our most beloved leader, shri atal bihari vajpayee, the former prime minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us .
today these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders .
you must have seen many a child, shy by nature, leap up with zest, the moment a game begins .
hitherto, india had never won a medal in a judo event, at the junior or senior level .
the manner in which he had managed relief operations during the ahmedabad floods in the 1920s the way he steered the bardoli satyagrah .
on one hand, where we have professionals and engineers, on the other hand, there exist farmers tilling the fields, our brethrensisters associated with agriculture .
my dear countrymen, we celebrate 5th september as teachers day .
who amongst us does not know the vedic shloka 'tamso ma jyotirgamaya' .
mahatma gandhis philosophy has inspired the whole world .
the reverence and devotion for sardar vallabhbhai patel in their hearts was reflected in the form of homage paid to him .
rakshabandhan, janmashtami, ganesh utsav, chauth chandra, anant chaturdashi, durga pooja, diwali these will be observed one after the other .
on the one hand, brave hearts like bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru, were inspiring the youth towards an armed revolution .
there might be so many jamuna mani .
similarly, the media discussed extensively about the 16 year old rajani you too must have read it .
i have provided further impetus to simplifying this system even more .
i congratulate the administration and the populace there .
it is a sign of good times for the agricultural sector .
it is also the darkness of superstition and blindfaith, darkness of ignorance, darkness of poverty and also darkness of social evils .
i believe, like the other problems on hand, we can also solve this predicament by the participation of the people, janbhagidari and their power, janshakti we are bound to find a solution through the strength, cooperation and resolution of one hundred and thirty crore citizens .
my first request is that just like cleanliness drive has been given the shape of a mass movement by the countrymen, let's also start a mass movement for water conservation .
india also performed very well in the para asian games too .
he gave a task to the students in the village school .
my name is satish bewani .
about 15 years back natural calamity was a part of the agricultural ministrys realm because most of the calamities were limited to famine .
in his maiden attempt, he cracked the entrance exam for mbbs at aiims, jodhpur .
lakhs of farmers and common people continue to benefit from the krishna raj sagar dam built by him .
it is generally believed that such a big tax reform, in a huge country like ours with such a large population takes 5 to 7 years for effective adoption .
a total of 3 lakh pilgrims have had the darshan of the holy amarnath shrine from 1st july till now .
organ donation can save many valuable lives .
i celebrated diwali with itbp men and army jawans on the lofty heights of the himalayas .
and the entire british empire feared these three young men .
this year also, we have been fortunate to be the hosts of the mens hockey world cup 2018 in bhubaneshwar .
when we talk of navy, who can ignore chhatrapati shivaji maharaj and the capabilities might of his navy .
sardar vallabh bhai patel was greatly impressed by lok manya tilakji .
and that is how himachal pradesh has been empowered to become an open defecation free state .
there was an earnest heartfelt connect .
let us keep on meeting and keep on talking .
let us warmly accept the importance of a hundred twenty five crore countrymen, let us respectfully embrace the mahaatmya, the divine greatness of a hundred twenty five crore indians and well garner strength of immense magnitude .
the training to inculcate organic farming while teaching latest agricultural techniques and how to grow more crops along with a single cash crop in the fields was imparted through the professional, engineers and technocrats associated with this trust started giving training to the farmers .
we shall have to continuously keep on repeating this thing .
shivakumar swamiji dedicated his entire life to social service .
i am thankful to the countrymen for helping me by writing these innumerable letters to me .
it is our way of paying homage to sardar patel's aspirations through this award for national integration .
many games also make us aware about our society, environment and other spheres .
and on the other hand, exactly one hundred years ago on the 10th of april, 1917, mahatma gandhi had launched the champaran satyagraha .
the festival of raksha bandhan is a festival of special significance .
we will renew this exchange of thoughts on newer topics in the year to come, well share new experiences .
they gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water .
no the established sunday sequence should be maintained .
this waste can be utilized in fields, and if you will remember that fields are green then you will remember what to place in the green litter bins .
someone gave me a suggestion .
and this new means of fraud is digital fraud .
at the time i was releasing the data on tigers, i also remembered the asiatic lion of the gir in gujarat .
this time when i was thinking about 'mann ki baat', i was sure that a lot of questions would crop up about this subject and thats what exactly happened .
and for this, shrimaan amitabh bachchan ji is making a significant contribution as a brand ambassador .
millions of trees are planted .
images of the stark social realities that premchand has portrayed in his stories vividly start forming in ones mind when you read them .
some people are spreading rumours that political parties enjoy all kinds of concessions these people are absolutely in the wrong .
the destiny, the future of the country shall be brighter, let us move ahead with this belief .
in the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a padma shri .
but the start has been good .
let us move forward with all renewed zeal, enthusiasm, fervor and new resolve .
but generally due attention is not paid to this .
my dear countrymen, a few days from now, we shall celebrate budha purnima .
our youth have benefitted quite a lot from startups .
in many places the wages of the labourers is now being directly transferred into their accounts .
for many families, in times of adversity, or on the demise of the head of the family, through the onerupeeinsurance,they received two lakh rupees in a matter of days .
another such poignant story is 'poos ki raat' .
today, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign .
actually, we should understand the importance of these things, it will surely benefit you .
during this survey, the matters to be surveyed include freedom from defecation in the open in cities, collection of garbage, transport facilities to lift garbage, processing of garbage using scientific methods, efforts to usher in behavioural changes, innovative steps taken for capacity building to maintain cleanliness and public participation in this campaign .
and if we go on just using old technology without recourse to research and innovation, we will become outdated in this rapidly changing world and age .
i wish to say something on the governments ban on red beacons .
she lost her father at a very young age, and her brother and mother encouraged the talent and skills of sonali .
after leaving the orphanage, he eked out a living cleaning dtc buses and working as waiter at roadside eateries .
in our media many interesting events of the year gone by are broadcast again to reflect on the previous year .
we even have a saying, coal blackens your hands, hence people tend to stay away from coal mines .
in this story, the living depiction of the paradoxes in a poor farmer's life is seen .
respected prime minister sir, i am dr .
the thought process comes to a standstill and that in itself becomes a burden .
wooden foot wear or padukas of great saints like saint gyaneshwar and saint tukaram are placed in a palki and pilgrims begin their pilgrimage chanting vitthalvitthal .
it can be transformed into fuel .
the human chain that commenced formation from gandhi maidan in patna gained momentum, touching the state borders .
i am sure that even this time if you go, you will lend further fillip to my campaign .
in a way, there are many events in the month of august that are closely associated with the history of our freedom movement .
more such centres are being opened .
it has also been seen as to how much can be achieved through making small efforts .
we became free in 1947 .
there is still some time for the monsoon to arrive, but the news of good rains has already brought joy .
and this time, the government of india, especially the hrd ministry has done something really commendable .
in 1990, when my father expired, the responsibility to raise five sons fell on her shoulders .
in a way, i consider this to be a huge pat on the back because these are people who are not on the front page of a magazine or newspaper or on our tv screens .
it is a tribute to jamuna ji's diligence that today, on the birth of every child, villagers plant 18 trees .
the government has passed the new law in consonance with the spirit expressed by the united nations .
there are many reports whose evaluation indicate that india is taking rapid strides ahead .
this world cup was a super event where the whole world was watching you .
they had come from different villages of the kashmir valley, there were around 4050 pradhans .
but, each one is connected to it in one or the other way and everyone is making a contribution .
morarji desai steered the course of the country through some difficult times, when the very democratic fabric of the country was under a threat .
he has written that from last many years, this village has set out on a mission for cleanliness and more or less every generation is completely dedicated towards this cause .
and, then they published some selected letters .
the last day of paryushanparva is observed as samvatsari .
all of us have just celebrated christmas and the new year is on its way .
and now we are hearing more about it because it is affecting the city life too .
i thank all of you once again .
this proves that if we accord priority to safety, we can actually attain safety .
the whole world celebrates 8th march as womens day .
i request you that out of the entire gamut of your thoughts reflected during the programme mann ki baat throughout the year, if you could share ten of your best thoughts, so that we all remember these opinions and we get to learn something from them .
you will be glad to know that the productivity of lok sabha remained 118 percent and that of rajya sabha was 74 percent .
the swelling middle class of the country, its increasing economic power, increasing purchasing power .
my dear countrymen, in mann ki baat, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extraordinary contribution for the society .
the final contest in badminton took place between two indian shuttlers, saina nehwal and p .
festivals have their own significance in social life .
my dear countrymen, there is a big opportunity for our younger generation between navratra festivities and diwali .
i told people that we are celebrating gandhijis birth anniversary on 2nd october .
to me, each and every individual involved in this mission constitute a new anticorruption cadre in the country .
i wish that all your dreams and resolves get fulfilled in every possible way .
i am diksha katiyal speaking .
sometimes i feel that we should publicly announce that today on this route of the railways there will be no ticket checker .
you must have come to know that india will be hosting the fifa under17 world cup next year .
and i took a resolve that the country must have such a memorial .
in this manner, this programme became a festival celebrating development, a festival of peoples participation and a festival of peoples awakening .
friends, for our nation and the constituent states, as well as for the tourism industry, this 'statue of unity' can be a subject of research .
abdul kalam .
science and technology are value neutral .
cleanliness is very important in monsoons .
you will find such people somewhere in each and every state of india .
500 and 1000 rupee notes and such a vast country, wide proliferation of currencies, billions and trillions of bank notes and amidst that, this decision the whole world is minutely observing, every economist is analysing it, evaluating it .
referring to the college season reminds me of someone i saw in the news recently how asharam choudhury a student from an extremely poor family in madhya pradesh overcame lifes many challenges to achieve success .
this country can never forget ataljis contributions .
sardar patel formulated solutions one by one, weaving the warp weft of unity on the axis of a single thread .
friends in the media have also played a constructive role .
my dear countrymen, mahatma gandhi is our guide forever .
through radio i connect every month with millions of families .
as a result of this, our roads have improved a lot and business there will surely get a boost .
just two days back, i have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the yoga day .
under his leadership, the country proudly grew in stature in the field of nuclear power also .
may they be compositions like bharud hkkm or abhang vhkax, we get a great message of amity, love and brotherhood .
this thought has been fundamental to my thinking and that is why i have immense faith in the power of the people .
more and more people will come forward to make it a part of their lives .
it is not a test of what kind of life have you lived, how is the life you are living now and what is the life you aspire to live .
this is a prime example of the great transformation, which can be brought about through peoples participation .
after the completion of this campaign, the entire village celebrated this accomplishment just like a mega festival .
this year we are entering a new year .
indias image will be enhanced if the tourist destinations are clean .
a child reeda nadaf from laxmeshwara has written that she is the daughter of an army man and feels proud of being so .
we have bangladesh as our neighbour .
the constituent assembly took 2 years 11 months and 17 days to accomplish this stupendous task of drafting the constitution .
i want to give the message to prime minister, shri narendra modi ji to request all the people of india through his programme mann ki baat to use as much earthen lamps diya as they can this diwali .
sri guru nanak dev ji radiated his message to all corners of the world .
this can surely be done .
i am grateful to all india radio also which not only broadcast my views but also put in their best efforts to transmit it in all languages .
rigveda's apah suktam says this about water , , , , , meaning that it is water which is the life force and also, the source of energy .
bhagwan birsa munda sacrificed his life at the tender age of twenty five .
several baodis stepwells are famous as tourist spots but please do not forget that these are the living symbols of the water conservation campaigns which our forefathers had accomplished .
abhi has told me that he has been doing this for a whole year and many birds have now become his friends .
the whole world is looking at india as a hub for investment innovation and development .
even today, players of team india are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention .
so priority has been given in a way to the spread of education this was necessary .
towards this end he has been encouraging children by showing them films made in 18 languages in three thousand schools across the country .
all of us have to take our nation to newer heights .
government of india created a world record in navsari which i believe to be very important .
the extraordinary pace at which they drafted the constitution is an example of time management and productivity to emulate even today .
sometimes we are so busy, that we even forget to offer water to the newspaper boy, the milkman, the vegetable seller, the postman or anybody else who come to our house in peak summer days .
i again want to express my gratitude to you all .
after all it was humankind that chose the path of conflict with nature and consequently earnt her periodic wrath .
residents of the village taudhakpur in rae bareilly, village chief, district magistrate, cdo and every one joined in to create awareness amongst the masses .
i am talking about none other than chandrasekhar azad .
just a few days ago, in the junior under20 world athletics championship in finland, india's brave daughter and a farmer daughter hima das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400meter race event .
sometimes certain things become a part of our habits, that we dont even realize that we are doing something wrong .
namaskar, pradhan mantriji, i cannot divulge my name because of something that i did in my childhood .
physical labour is getting reduced .
this means, i can closely get a fair idea of your point, in terms of extrapolating a solution to a certain problem on a society wide scale .
i would thus like to thank the european union, for recognizing the people of indian origin and through them in making people in india and people the world over aware of their exemplary work .
and, this darkness here does not merely signify the absence of light .
the siddhganga mutt regularily used to organise cattle and agricultural fairs .
in rajasthan, it is called sankrant, maghbihu in assam and pongal in tamil nadu all these festivals are special in their own right and they have their own importance .
my dear countrymen, the coming months are very crucial for our farming brothers and sisters .
he is revered in uzbekistan too, which he had visited .
i shall certainly comply with your directions .
in order to ensure that the fruits of progress rightly reach all sections of society, it is imperative that our society is freed of these ills .
i do not know bangla but had the habit of rising early since my childhood and in eastern india, radio broadcasts start early while in western india these start a bit late .
just one message can enhance their capability and our country has shown it .
i have received a very interesting phone call .
as far as disasters are concerned, this country has borne the brunt of many a natural as well as man made disaster, such as chemical industrial mishaps .
this is the very day when indian forces landed in kashmir and saved the valley from the clutches of aggression .
phone call'hello mr prime minister, i am neerja singh calling from kanpur .
how the common man of this country keeps on inspring me all the time .
i respectfully bow before all of them who are part of the indian armed forces .
in india almost on all 365 days of the year, one festival or the other is celebrated in some part of the country .
however, i have seen that the governments also have initiated and implemented many schemes .
they returned to their villages and made people from far and wide aware on this issue .
my dear countrymen, india is a land of saints .
childhood friends are precious, but selecting, making maintaining new friendships is a task that requires immense prudence .
through self learning, machines today can enhance their intelligence to a smarter level .
so, let me congratulate all my young friends for the same .
the first industrial policy of independent india, which came in 1948, was stamped with his ideas and vision .
the world is facing natural calamities .
they teach us values in life, such as, setting targets, building up determination, developing team spirit and fostering mutual cooperation .
i myself have seen three in this house itself .
in essence, every citizen must discharge his civic duties and responsibilities .
all sciences develop and are built up through experience .
my dear countrymen, in the previous episode of mann ki baat, we had decided to do something different this diwali .
the idea of a farflung village situated in the northeastern region in meghalaya, which has been particular about cleanliness since years, makes me extremely happy .
ten years is a huge gap but on 16th august our country and the whole world witnessed that there was not a gap of even a single moment in the common mans heart .
the definition of peace has changed in the last hundred years .
in our culture, daughters are considered laxmi, since they are harbinger of fortune and prosperity .
after indonesia open and australia open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title .
amidst hectic election engagements, many people asked me a flurry of questions on why i had gone up to kedarnath .
and besides india, these satellites are of france, germany, italy, japan, britain and america, nearly 14 such countries .
whatever capabilities you posses, use these to mentor your children, and, howsoever occupied you might be, spare time for them, be with them .
the festival of onam is being celebrated in kerela .
in a way, it is also a campaign for social reformation .
i urge the young generation to register themselves as voters, if they are eligible .
today, on 25th december, as a christmas gift, fifteen thousand people will get rewards through a draw system, whereby each of the fifteen thousand winners will have one thousand rupees into their accounts and this will be not for today only .
in this mahayagya, grand undertaking, the municipal corporation, voluntary bodies, school college students, the people of jabalpur in fact everyone participated with enthusiasm est .
our banks should become more sensitized and should help more and more people .
whenever there will be reference to hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends .
there are personal grievances and complaints and sometimes attention is drawn to community problems .
so, akashvani maitree on this side and bangladesh betaar on that side will mutually share the content and bengali speaking people on both sides will enjoy the programmes of akashvani, that is, all india radio .
and not just yourself your city, village, neighbourhood, school, college, men, women, everyone should make an attempt to connect with yog .
my young student friends, first of all, i thank you for writing to me .
jamsetji tata was a true visionary, who not only foresaw indias future, but also duly laid strong foundations .
where will you reach then it is as if you are yourself digging holes in your pathways .
but on the birth anniversary of this great sardar, thousands of sardars, the family members of thousands of sardars were killed in the aftermath of the assassination of smt gandhi .
grant peace to each soul, each heart, in me, in you, in every particle and everywhere in the universe .
whenever there is a reference to cleanliness, i do not forget to express my gratitude to media persons .
a few days ago, i came across a mention of sonal, a young daughter from pune it touched my heart .
shivakumar swamiji was a true follower of this tenet .
this is also available as an ebook on the narendra modi website .
our festivals are in themselves campaigns of social reform too .
it is about experiences in your daily lives .
this grain is used to make piping hot food for children and women .
there was a sense of fulfillment on the faces of bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru for having served mother india there was no fear of death .
these days special emphasis is being laid on accessibilities opportunities for persons with disabilities, our divyang brethren .
my dear countrymen, every child in our country knows the importance of the 2nd of october for our nation .
v , fm radio, mobile, internet, facebook live along with periscope, through the narendramodiapp too .
and you will be happy to know that the beautiful north eastern state of meghalaya has become the first state to have formulated its own waterpolicy .
this year, we are going to observe the 75th anniversary of the uit india movement .
in the 12th century, he had laid down his profound thoughts on labour workers .
i always look forward with anticipation, because i find so much to learn from all that you share .
this has led to not only availability of cheaper medicines, but also new employment opportunities for individual entrepreneurs .
indias most important contribution under the un umbrella is its role in un peacekeeping operations .
all sorts of experiments are being carried out in every family .
it is imperative that the culture of transforming waste to wealth develops in our society .
he was playing a pivotal role in it .
and i believe that if you go there once, your heart will tell you to go back again and again .
there is a direct connect with nature .
my young friends have asked me many questions related to science they keep writing on quite a few points .
they have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained .
my dear countrymen, who can forget the historic speech of swami vivekananda delivered on september 11, 1893 .
people, who cannot endorse corruption and black money openly, resort to searching for faults of the government relentlessly .
she rendered certain portions before me and when i presented her performance before other persons there, everyone was amazed .
may india commence on a grand notemay it rain gold, silver and bronze .
i would like to once again express my deep gratitude to the millions of my countrymen who have contributed to the successful achievement of this great feat with such felicity .
this is nothing new for us, but it is important to convert it into a social character .
amir khusro has writtenphool rahi sarson sakal banambwa phoote, tesu phoolekoyal bole, daar daar,that is,behold the mustard blooming everywhere, all aroundhere the inflorescence on the mango tree, there the jungle flame blossomsthe nightingale cant help but sing merrily on the branches .
if you go to aligarh, do visit the railway station .
the people of kashmir open heartedly became equal stakeholders in this festival .
i read these myself and shall try to express them in whatever time i have with me on 15th august .
the country remembers and bows to those brave citizens, policemen, security men and each one who lost their lives then .
i welcome this .
pawan acharya form alwar, rajasthan has sent me a message .
and it was the champaran satyagraha that brought to the fore, mahatma gandhis organisational skills, and his strong ability to gauge the pulse of indian society mahatma gandhi, through his demeanour and deeds, could inspire the poorest of the poor, the most illiterate, to unite and come together out into the open for the struggle against the british rule .
on account of the unwavering resolve of our countrymen, swachchata, sanitation coverage is rapidly advancing towards crossing the 95 mark .
you know what an app is, what online banking is and how online ticket booking is done .
the concept of cleanliness is being echoed in every household .
today, the campaign of make in india is progressing successfully in consonance with dr .
so, avoid doing that .
so i requested a demonstration and a pleasant surprise was in store for me he mimicked the very exact way i converse with you during mann ki baat .
through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind .
lord jagannath is the god of the poor .
when we refer to public safety, two aspects are very important proactiveness and preparedness .
you will get to learn a lot that way .
after the jallianwallah massacre by the british in 1919, rabindranath tagore was one of the legendary figures, who raised their voices in protest .
the heroes of our freedom struggle with their singleminded devotion did a tapasya, endured hardships, made great sacrifices and even laid down their lives what greater inspiration could there be .
and this is the unique attribute of india, that whereas we have our feet firmly on the ground with yoga, we have our dreams to soar beyond horizons to far away skies .
in many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice .
for the sake of this river we went to settlements on its banks, spoke to people and took out rallies too, but to no avail .
we should think about what more can be done in this direction .
this desire of 125 crore countrymen for change, the effort to change, is what will lay a strong foundation of a new india .
i express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective .
the indian diaspora was infused with new confidence .
if we have bad handwriting, and we want to improve it, we have to consciously practice for a long time .
balanced and nutritious food is essential for all of us, more so for women and the newborn, since these two categories are the foundation of the future of our society .
i am feeling happy today that these pradhans, who had come from the kashmir valley, kept their word in letter and spirit .
my dear countrymen, a spectrum of many festivals would dawn upon us in the next few days bhagwan mahavir jayanti, hanuman jayanti, easter and the baisakhi .
my dear countrymen, we have full faith in our armed forces .
can we start a drive to save water in every village from now on itself .
many people expect me to announce some huge schemes during this programme .
lets come together and try to work together towards the completion of this pledge .
i would like to specially appeal to the entire political class to place implicit faith in the people .
these are discussed collectively in the country and across the world .
when so many attributes become one's partner, then that yogi conquers all forms of fear .
isnt it a silent revolution .
it was on the 9th of january, when our revered mahatma gandhi returned to india from south africa .
three ministries of the government of india maybe four sports, hrd, department of drinking water have come together to launch a swachch bharat summer internship 2018 .
a few days ago the ambassadors of many countries witnessed for themselves the preparations for kumbh .
madurai chinna pillai is the same person who at first tried to empower the downtrodden and the exploited through the kalanjiyam movement in tamil nadu and initiated community based micro financing .
thousands of children made paintings they drew pictures based on their own imaginations .
my dear countrymen, this is the last episode of the year 2018, we will meet again in 2019, and will engage in another episode of mann ki baat .
our womens hockey team qualified for the olympic games after a space of 36 long years .
in fact, many harmful chemicals are added to ecigarettes, which have a deleterious effect on health .
for the voting, there were around 10 lakh polling stations, more than 40 lakh evm machines, over 17 lakh vvpat machines .
this time i thought of conducting a new experiment through mann ki baat .
i wish to share this joy with you as well .
santosh ji, your name and your deed both are sources of santosh, satisfaction for all of us .
he made everyone feel that he or she was very important and absolutely necessary for the country .
even children with a seemingly serious countenance start expressing themselves while playing, the innate child within them comes to the fore .
the most heartening aspect of back to village programme is the fact, that it was organized in such remote villages, where even officials had to traverse difficult terrain and climb mountains while walking on foot over a period of day or day and a half .
please take this forward .
and i will request the state governments to take this forward .
they showed me the pictures of how they had beautified the aligarh railway station .
in this tournament, sports games such as shooting, chess, swimming, running, football tabletennis are organized .
can there be a bigger satisfaction than this .
'one nation, one tax' was the dream of the people of this country that has become a reality today .
shriman gurbachan singh jis family has presented one such example before us .
baba saheb ambedkar is an inspiration for millions of people like me, who belong to backward classes .
can anyone even imagine the greatness of his personality, that, even after thousands of years, the festival comes along with renewed novelty, a new inspiration with fresh energy .
in the noncooperation movement of 1920 and the uit india movement of 1942, two different personas of mahatma gandhi can be seen .
gurbachan singh ji asked him to promise that they will not burn parali or stubble in their fields .
citizens and administrators alike must move ahead in accordance with the spirit of our constitution .
sardar vallabhbhai patels speciality was that he not only put forth revolutionary ideas he was immensely capable of devising practical solutions to the most complicated problems in the way .
if it was not for this diversity, we wouldnt have been this proud of our country .
now you must be thinking that we are discussing art and here im talking about seeing gurudev tagore's excellent works of art .
nutritious food is most essential for good health .
there is always some effort made in this direction, but still the apathy on this issue is a crime against society .
like satyam, hundreds of thousands of youth leave schools to join colleges .
guru nanak devji said that the service to the poor and the needy is service to god .
in madhya pradesh, under the har ghar dastak programme a campaign is being run to go to every village and every house to encourage education of daughters .
the letters which steadily pour in for mann ki baat, the inputs that are received are entirely different from routine government matters .
kallar majra came into lime light as the farmers there mix the stubble with the sand by ploughing their fields rather than burning the stubble and adopt the necessary technology for the process .
i wish the very best to these two states .
the vote is the most effective tool in bringing about a positive change in the lives of millions of people .
what will happen to the health of a poor mother how has to inhale smoke equal to that from 400 cigarettes while cooking food on a chulha which burns wood as fuel .
you must have heard that himachal pradesh as a state is now open defecation free, has attained the status of ofd .
mukherjee's dream was for india to be industrially selfreliant, competent and prosperous in every sphere .
we will keep meeting through mann ki baat, and will keep sharing matters close to our hearts we will join hands in taking our country forward with heartfelt vigor .
this year when we are celebrating the 125th birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedkar then can we make 26th january a medium to organize debates, poetry, slogan competition regarding duties in our own schools, colleges, villages, cities and various organizations and societies .
they live in a parking shed with their family .
if ive to give credit to anyone for successful implementation of one nation one tax reform, then i credit the states of our nation .
south asia satellites has been a unique initiative, which has also gifted hues of development to our neighbouring allies .
anil sonara speaking from ahmedabad, gujarat .
the body does not support him but for the past 20 years he has devoted himself to child education .
hanaya trained hard in karate with perseverance fervor, studied its nuances and proved herself .
indias first inland waterway was launched in varanasi .
the more you progress, the more will the country progress .
brother sisters, one out of these 104 satellites is extremely important it is cartosat 2d, which is indias satellite and the pictures clicked through it will be of great help in mapping of resources and infrastructure, evaluating development and planning for urban development .
a day such as paraakaram prava reminds our youth of the glorious heritage of our army .
life seems to be impossible without festivals but these have to be moulded according to the needs of the changing times .
last year, i made announcements of some yoga competitions and some awards as well .
when we talk of new india then that new india will be free from the poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption .
was this episode edited later .
it is a time for praying to ma durga .
i have seen that not just on the banks of ganga, even in far off south if one meets a person, he is sure to ask, sir, will ganga be cleaned .
and on 31st october, on national unity day, we must remember sardar saheb wherever we may be and take a resolve to preserve national unity .
he was the only un peacekeeper, a braveheart, who was awarded the param veer chakra .
we observe diversity in every walk of life .
it is considered an occasion to worship vidya, knowledge .
the campaign for cleanliness which was initiated three years ago will be marking its third anniversary on the 2nd of october .
today india has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy and today the highest foreign direct investment or fdi in the world, is flowing to india .
no one should exploit you .
i try to share the efforts and achievements of the youth as much as possible through mann ki baat .
so, the global campaign of connecting with nature on 5th june should become our individual campaign as well .
there used to be a time when climate change was a subject confined to the domain of the academic world, it used to be the topic for seminars, but today, we experience it in our everyday life and it also astounds us .
my dear countrymen, shri mangesh from maharashtra has shared a photo on the narendra modi mobile app .
in the life of the farmer of this country both aspects have been important reverence to his soil and preserving nurturing it scientifically .
it is a matter of pride and honour that with its indigenously built 126 ships and 62 aircrafts, it has carved a coveted place for itself amongst the 4 biggest coast guards of the world .
in other words, the guarantee for the race of development lies in the race of unity .
shri gobind singh ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering .
but simultaneously, deep inner joy, the essence of swantah sukhaayah is inbuilt in the spirit of service .
on the 23rd of march, bhagat singh ji and his comrades, sukhdev and rajguru, were hanged to death by the british, and we are all aware of that .
our india, the country of festivals, possesses limitless possibilities in the realm of festival tourism .
much as you wait for mann ki baat, i await your messages with greater eagerness .
recently, the 17th national paraswimming competition was held in udaipur .
new imagination and new concepts have been linked and connected with it .
this too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace .
in the absence of research and innovation, technology will become a burden, just as still water stagnates and even stinks .
i am a resident of mumbai and work for the india research centre of harvard university .
my countrymen, i would like to say one more thing to you .
he had wanted india to develop heavy industries and also pay full attention to msme, handloom, textiles and cottage industry .
thousands of channels and newspapers in our country, i am unable to name them all due to time constraints, but they all have helped run this campaign .
let us all remember mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri and take a pledge to do something for the country .
these officials also reached the panchayats on the border which live under the shadow of crossborder firing, not only this the officials reached the sensitive villages in the districts of shopian, pulwama, kulgam and anantnag, without any fear .
my heart is filled to the brim with joy today .
in the field of defence also, india has successfully test fired the ballistic interceptor missile .
we can all learn from gandhi ji what it means to begin a life of public service, how hard one has to work, as gandhi did .
once you learn to accept, maximum number of problems will be solved there and then .
whatever we eat is linked only to this soil .
and we know that over the last few years, isro has accomplished various unprecedented missions with flying colours .
i specially want to suggest a scheme to my young friends who are currently technology savvy .
they all worked hard for about three years to draft the constitution .
in delhi this morning, the government of india had organised a very good event, run for rio, play and live, play and blossom .
i noticed something else this time one is that we clean up a place, and the second is that we become aware and do not spread filth .
when i was chief minister of gujarat, syedna sahib the religious leader of dawoodi bohra community had completed his hundred years .
i also salute your sense of commitment towards science, education and students .
some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts .
students submit themselves to the tutelage of professors vis a vis the shadow of their parents .
you are aware of the fact that when someone smokes around us, we come to know about it through its odour .
noted world institutions have accepted that the country has taken strides in the area of poverty alleviation at a record pace .
a single game is known by distinct names at different places .
in a way, i undertook the journey to meet my inner self .
i am an ordinary citizen of village tiraali of tehsil tiraali in district harda of madhya pradesh .
if it is a video, then share the video .
these games used to be a special feature of summer holidays .
the government is continuously making efforts in this regard .
sardar saheb gave us one india, now this is our collective responsibility to develop a great india, a shreshtha bharat .
i am sure this will turn out to be a described destination for one all across the country .
its true that i myself have been a cadet in the ncc and so i know firsthand how one acquires a fresh perspective through such organizations .
heartiest congratulations, beti shivangi .
yogesh dandekar from nagpur, harshvardhan ji from mysore, praveen nadkarni ji, divyanshu gupta ji have all asked me to say something about the monsoon in this session of mann ki baat .
yogesh ji, i feel i should speak in detail to all of you on fit india .
i say this, thinking of the historical value of such gifts .
and using the gst app all information is available on your mobile phone as to how much the price of an item was earlier and how much will it be now in the new situation .
this was the first time under british rule that the convocation in kolkata university had been addressed to in bangla .
we took several innovative steps, one after the other in the gir .
thirteen years ago, on account of a delay in medical treatment, a cab driver from kolkata, saidul laskar lost his sister .
my dear young friends, the country celebrates national sports day on the 29th of august .
modi ji yes .
it is often seen that girls are not encouraged much to participate in sports such as kabaddi .
once again, along with greetings on gandhijis 150th birth anniversary, i express my expectations from every indian, of one resolve or the other .
good news becomes the greatest reason and inspiration to do something good .
very few people may know that india was the first country which sent a female police unit to liberia for the united nations peace mission .
the underprivileged of the country are deeply connected to lord jagannath .
if they are to receive 100 rupees, they get only 80 rupees, if they are to be paid 80 rupees, they are given only 50 rupees .
i congratulate these young friends and members of the school in chandrapur, from the core of my heart .
but 26th january, 2018, will especially be remembered through the ages .
the message that our constitution conveys is that no one should be harmed in any way .
on behalf of our countrymen, i commend the indian army for this amazing commitment i also express my gratitude .
and the most interesting point is that during that inaugural ceremony revered bapuji said that with the coming of sardar patel, ahmedabad municipal corporation has not only got a man but it has got the strength on the basis of which, building the statue of tilakji has become possible .
but this time, along with a photo, please write and send a small piece about the place, thus displaying your creative prowess one gets to learn a lot by visiting new places .
