33 transactions of contentious nature .
wednesday nugasevana .
inhouse production teledrama .
the officers concerned are engaged in preparing language plans for the offices they are attached to .
annex 30 .
no of aranery school teachers 9,407 .
virusahana ranaviru village .
main news telecasts .
meadia activities of all project .
the ministry is situated at no40,buthgamuwa road, rajagiriya .
in my opinion, except for the effect of the matter described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the customs officers reward fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
6 medagama .
housing loan prepayments .
the department of national budget operates under the guidance of the ministry of finance and planning .
london olympic 2012 was telecasted as a live and special event for 17 days .
recipient of the award .
sri naagapoosaniyamman aranery school were participated .
my responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit .
akkaraipattu zone .
124 noncompliances with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
paid gratuity .
new computer centers and development of existing computer centers .
name mr npaa piyasoma .
june 16 27 .
current affairs .
conducting english training workshops .
221 finance leases payable current portion .
profit on disposal property plant equipment .
recommendations have been given by the commission in relation to the institutions subjected to audit up to 2014 .
inventories of the corporation consist of consumable stock .
at the end of 2014, syllabus and books were reformed to include new views .
sports programmes .
the program project carried out on behalf of the exhibition dayata kirula 2012 held at oya maduwa, anuradhapura was also conducted under the supervision of educational programmes division but the main responsibility of the project had to be taken over by the documentary unit .
of the above projects, the following projects are very special .
thaipongal special tele drama .
name mr rhnnranasingha .
authorization of transfer of funds under fr 66 and 69 .
write – off for the year 2012 .
applying courses .
best quiz programme of the year .
annex 23 .
f goods and services tax act no 34 of 1996 .
award winning achievements .
other programmes .
6 narammala .
this ensures mutual trust, understanding, mutual respect and welcoming amongst each communities living in the society .
enhancing the knowledge on social integration .
official address zonal education office, udugama .
total no of recruited .
outcomes of the programmes .
provided the following technical facilities for studio and outside productions .
b internal control procedure had not been followed so as to review or carry out technical audit whether action had been taken with proper responsibilities and transparency by the officers who were received and supervised the security bonds for which the service providers applied requesting payments on the basis of unsuccessful contracts .
our list of awards is a clear evident of that .
2 taking necessary action regarding the deyata kirula national exhibition .
name mr m siripala .
reprinting of the language guidelines books .
in the year 2012, this unit has produced a considerable amount of programmes .
aibd training course income .
314 – 2 foreign grants .
01 compilation of ranaviru suwanda literature art festival items and preparation of application and approval for the way it is conduced .
nonavailability of trilingual announcements .
official address zonal education office, chawakatchcheri .
bank charges .
1 ibbagamuwa .
accordingly actions were initiated to advance the ranaviru children’s language knowledge particularly english knowledge, cultural programmes were conducted in ranviru villages with a view to improve aesthetic skills, and streamlined computer courses for them .
an event to celebrate different religious and cultural festivals of this nature is held at the ministry annually .
annex 44 .
these policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated .
amortization policy .
late deposits .
news is daily telecast in sinhala, english and tamil from 755 am to 1010 pm .
number of families of war heroes who lost their livesmissing up to the year 2011 provincial wise .
programmes of this nature were carried out with the objective of taking the multiethnic, multireligious, peaceful country with several social strata respecting one another towards accelerated development .
accrual plant, machinary equipment .
fixed deposits bank of ceylon .
10 nawagamuwa perahera .
it is imperative, to be prepared with, some form of investment being made for these children considering these facts .
noof distributed flags .
on demand video streaming .
magazine music program .
the treasury issued guidelines to manage financial obligations which are being entered into by various spending agencies without having adequate provisions and thereby creating liabilities on the government and to ensure such obligations are included well within the budgetary provisions .
it was observed that those advances had ranged between 50 per cent to 100 per cent of the value of each purchase .
iii impairment gain .
hindu religious lectures have been conducted in temples and hindu religious institutions by the religious scholars .
sensitizing the public about the noble character of hindu culture and magnificence of hindu art and architecture .
the number of new designs and inventions of the preceding year had been 679 and number of design samples had been 321, and as compared with that the new designs and the inventions of the year under review had decreased by 1 percent .
renovated it unit .
c development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes .
8 paying cash for prizes to children took part in a concert and an art exhibition of preschool at perahettiya ranaviru village .
g accounting .
reprinting of the sinhalatamil alphabet books .
initiative has been underway in preparing five digital video disksdvdbased on five common occasions where bilingual conversations take place in government institutions .
a section 81 of the finance act no 38 of 1971 .
making necessary arrangements to issue recommendations via private health services regulatory commission to prepare all boards displayed in private hospitals participated in the programme in three languages and make announcements in three languages within a time limit and monitoring the same .
official address zonal education office, batticaloa .
kotmale zone .
middle level .
senior mechanical superiendent project .
the companies engaged for this purpose on contract basis are, .
savings account bank of ceylon .
provision of mechanical engineering products, works, services, solutions and workshop training in mechanical engineering for tradesmen, technicians, undergraduates, craft apprentices and mechanical engineers .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the national design centre as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards for small and medium enterprises .
home appliances .
ds division .
under this programme, providing facilitation to 5 ministries in relation to language plansministry of justice, ministry of parliamentary reforms and mass media, ministry of home affairs, ministry of public administration and management, ministry of law and order and prison reformshas been commenced .
15092011 oddusudan army camp .
non availability of a block of land is a barrier to secure other welfare requirements .
11 adverse audit opinion .
32 operating inefficiencies .
women’s day program .
official address zonal education office, kanthale .
corporation refreshment entertainment .
while these teachers employ the heartlyfused teaching learning process in teaching, institution conducts provincial level review and supervisory training study courses meant for them .
ensure meeting the goals set out in the vision for the future development policy framework of the government .
3 trilingual sri lanka programme .
purchasing of books from sri lankan writers .
the performance reports had not been prepared in a manner to facilitate comparison with the action plan .
five studios and three outdoor transmission vehicles are utilized in the programme production process while 13 transmission stations established around the country are utilized in process .
thaippongal special stamp was released with the sponsorship of postal department by honorable prime minister on 20140114 at dhurkka mani mandapam, jaffna .
1 data and information division .
smib samarusara musical, .
among the above programmes, organization of sinhalatamil national festivals, youth exchange programmes, conducting programmes to generate selfemployment opportunities through language proficiency, organization of friendship camps for enhancing sinhala–tamil intimacy etc could be worth mentioning .
the additional fund requirements, especially for accommodating unforeseen incidents such as floods, draughts etc were addressed, managing the reallocation of funds within the approved expenditure ceiling, without submitting a supplementary estimate to parliament .
2 financial statements .
official address zonal education office, welimada .
ath kanda lihiniyateledrama 2011 .
acquired or produced local teledramas and films .
13 loans other receivables .
preserving hindu culture and arts .
the following are given high priority among the matters considered first in planning the programmes of the language unit .
retail license .
in addition, advertisers such as admasters, prime ads, grassroot pvt ltd and srimal advertising came to an agreement with sri lanka rupavahini corporation to settle the money they owed on installment basis .
nov 0819 .
name direct .
coconut development and people's estate development .
annex 12 .
digital name boards .
daham medura ampara .
satellite cost .
1 mapalagama .
certificates awarding ceremony was conducted under the chairmanship of mrsshanthi navukarasan, director of the department on 21062014 at gurukulam, jaffna and on 20062014 at conference hall of the department, colombo .
3731 employee loans .
depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straightline method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows .
3250 teachers from 773 aranery schools in 22 districts namely jaffna, batticaloa, kandy, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, mullaitivu, ampara, kegalle, matale, badulla, puttalam, trincomalee, ratnapura, kaluthara, polonnaruwa, colombo, kurunagala, galle, matara, gampaha, mannar and vavuniya have been paid the allowance this year .
janapathi seth pirith .
arrangements were made through the skills development project, to link ranaviru family members with different government and nongovernment institutions to meet their identified necessities such as job opportunities, getting jobs confirmed, following study and vocational courses, enhancement of artistic talent, and participating in trade exhibitions .
the research training unit perform their duties under the direct supervision of director general and its administration handled by the administration unit .
steps are being taken to implement it next year .
activities carried out in coordination with outside institutions .
name mrssanton somarajah .
special poojas were taken place at sri kathirvelautha temple in kegalle in order to celebrate 66th independence day of sri lanka .
the procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error .
ensure efficient utilization of human resources and budgetary provisions allocated to the department .
the ranaviru sewa authority and the western province ranaviru community conducted a bodhi puja on 24112011at the gangaramaya temple hunupitiya .
34 unusual increases in expenses .
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with slfrs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates .
hand book of simple language guidelines for empowerment of ministerial focal point officers on preparation of language plans .
4 distribution expenses .
according to circular no 118, loan balances of officers who had been transferred out or in, were settled with accounting heads, under the advance account item no 240012 .
all pages .
classes commenced in 2015 and not duly completed .
all island .
please select .
for instance, charges for photos and stamps for nic, birth certificates, marriage certificates and death certificates and charges for new marriages were provided with individuals concerned without being charged .
22 comments on financial statements .
colombo 07 .
name mrsidkarunarahna .
b utilization of assets .
name mr dmskarunarathna .
c grant and settlement of advances .
all these groups and ethnic divides stand united and carry out programmes contributing labour with commitments .
a the new showroom commenced in the year 2011 had been closed down since august 2012 .
in this basis, the fund was provided to 67 aranery schools of 18 districts of kandy, kegalle, colombo, ratnapura, kilinochchi, batticaloa, trincomalee, jaffna, vavuniya, puttalam, kaluthara, mullaitivu, badulla, nuwara eliya, matale, kurunagala, galle and polonnaruwa .
conducting of written and oral examinations public officers, issuing of results and result sheets were carried out with the objective of assessing language proficiency of public officers and encouraging them to acquire bilingual language proficiency .
minor export crop promotion .
accommodation premises .
81facilitating social transformation and integration projects .
the fiancé manager certifies that the financial statements have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the sri lanka financial reporting standards as laid down by the institute of chartered accountants of sri lanka, finance act no 38 of 1971 sri lanka rupavahini corporation act of no 06 of 1982 .
self employment donations .
refund ac .
procurement awards .
telephone including rental .
the management board comprised of the following members since the beginning of the year 2011 .
development of computer centers .
financial assistance for aranery school polonnaruwa and building for oottady pilliyar .
photo gallery .
7 supplying loudspeakers to the salawa ranaviru village .
making of door mats .
community housing loans are granted for the following purposes .
appraising the quality of performance of the staff in carrying out the responsibility assigned to them .
repairs maintenance – other expenses .
programme to promote friendship of puttalam district community members held on 24042011 .
to commemorate christmas .
ibbagamuwa zone .
state super trust fund .
web systems .
main divisions of the ngo secretariat .
director,department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
designation assistant director of education .
annex 51 .
name mrs p ganeshalingam .
culture and the arts .
2 awarding of ranaviru uttama puja medals .
annual report 2011 .
organizing relevant tasks to establish language circles in collaboration with the commission of official languages and ministry of education .
the objective of this programme is to provide the impoverished people in the society with basic legal documents essential to live as one of the fellow citizens in the society by creating mutual trust among all sri lankans regardless of ethnic differences .
granting skills development loans .
9 gampaha .
no of vehicles approved .
name mr nw perera .
b the increase in the sundry expenses of the ranavwiru real star program in the year 2012 as compared with year 2011 ranged between 58 per cent to 183 per cent .
types of licenses .
estimated expenditure .
official address zonal education office, dehiattakandiya .
around 150 artists from jaffna, batticaloa, ampara and up country participated .
consultancy committee has been appointed by the department .
subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the corporation and the cost of the item can be measured reliably .
giving priority to mitigate religious issues when cropping up among religions in the society, avoiding religious conflicts among religions, ensuring unity among religions are good deeds done by this programme .
major areas .
out of these programmes, the unit mainly focuses on, live telecasts quiz programs, health programs, and formal and informal educational programs .
1 payment of balance installments for the construction of community hall building at nugedolawatta ranaviru village .
advance to contractors .
accrual security service expenses .
disaster management .
under this activity, money allocations were made to the positive projects given to us kanthale pradeshiya sabha, bandarawela district secretariat, nuwaraelya municiple council .
residential seminar on sculpture and architecture were conducted in 3 stages 1st and 2nd of july in vavuniya 03rd and 04th of july in kilinochchiand 06th and 07th of july in mullaitivu .
determining the linguistic gaps targeting police, local government authorities and hospitals in 54 bilingual ds division is expected to be commenced .
with effect from 25th of april 2010, this ministry was renamed as the ministry of national languages and social integration and functioned under the ministry concerned .
name mr amrs athapattu .
at present, this institution, has expanded its scope, implements a number of training courses island wide .
graphic animation materials .
music unit, .
kreeda visithuru, .
actual units manufactured .
this year, 100 eligible tamil artists were selected to receive this award by the evaluation committee which was appointed by the department .
1 agalawatta .
thunukkai zone .
enforcement of appropriate budgetary management measures to ensure that funds are used exclusively for the declared purposes within the approved limits .
130 pm to 145 pm diva puwath .
1 bringing the ranaviru families into the society with a strong morale and a pride of vision .
825 am to 525 pm – hourly news .
issue of recommendations and extending support necessary at the school’s entrance of ranaviru children .
after the awareness programme on the official language policy, a discussion with regard to the problems faced by officers when implementing the official languages policy and possible remedies was held .
b the first programme of it was conducted for 40 participants at sarvodaya batticaloa .
the ranaviru family members in the ranaviru villages are eligible for village housing loans .
amount of money .
telbeddawattha land .
similarly, implementing the programme for promoting bilingual knowledge by using elearning distant mode of education methodologyfor 1st level and the establishment of computer based examination system to evaluate language proficiencyin collaboration with the department of examinationswere not implemented during 2015 and it has been proposed to commence them once the new language laboratory is opened .
for providing importance to discipline, moral values and dhamma, reforming activity is being done from grade 1 to grade 5 .
prathibha prabha .
filing new trends and spreading them all over the country to promote social cohesion based on regional needs .
14 1 donations local .
industrial and commerce affairs .
cost as at 1 st january 2011 .
internal computer networking .
health clinic and counseling programme .
5 mailapitiya park maintenance and making payments .
wendala temple, karawanella .
progress for the year .
kegalle zone .
community centre prior to the rehabilitation .
nature of the related party transaction .
music unit .
helping war heroes to get land issues settled .
the department of national budget has been involved in coordination of deyata kirula national development programme such as, organizing prediscussions, identification of areas to implement the program, identification of ongoing and new development projects in respective areas and expedite and prioritize, preparing submitting cabinet memorandum, participating in national operational committees procurement committees and overall fund management .
the service of ministerial officers, trained as trainers, could be obtained in all programmes conducted for school children in this connection .
data entry operator .
provision as at 3112 2012 .
the unit opened milco rupavahini welfare outlet .
policies, strategies and plans .
stocks have been valued at lower of cost and net realizable value after making due allowing for obsolete items .
expenditure july to december .
creating a better society for all the people to live on the basis that all the people living in a country are its citizens, will lead the country towards the development .
dimbulagala zone .
36 leases .
scholarships to students who passed the year 5 scholarship examination .
name mr smam saddhamangala subasinghe .
best actor .
the objectives of this policy are promoting a sense of responsibility in all citizens as equal partners in the process of promoting social integration and creating a sense of belongingness to the society, creating a society nourished by the pillars of discipline, education and empowerment and strengthening the basis of social integration policy .
c a sum of had been paid to an outside individual, who had been selected without following proper procurement procedure, for preparing corporate plan for the period 2012 2016 .
interest earned for the period .
packeting dried fish .
number of request letters received in 2011 .
f collection of air time income .
17122011mahara pradeshiya sabha .
g to take action and implement all necessary action for the achievements in the functions of the authority .
a sundry debtors .
settlement of land issuses and approval for house building .
set designers .
services of an officer are needed for technical and other requirements in organizing outside workshops and other related activities .
5 education loan .
boc skill dev project .
relief staff .
staff debtors sundries .
number of employees resigned .
vivekanada aranery school .
assisting the management by reviewing, measuring, evaluating and reporting on compliance with the internal management system of services and functions carried out by the ministry and institutions functioning under it .
22112011 sudasuna hall, chillaw .
stock valuation is done on a firstinfirstout fifo basis .
scholarships from the kuwait govt .
in the sidelines of the programme, an attempt at obtaining a rough understanding of the network systems needed for the future activities of the ministry also made .
granting loans for skills development .
copyright fees paid .
a 60day tamil language training programmeis conducted by the institute for the newly recruited national integration promotion officers .
the responsibility is to provide guidance over the disposal system by covering the office staff on obligatory instructions for a government corporation in the act 48 of 1973 and arranging the list of disposal documents accordingly .
travelling advance foreign .
one of the main programmes of the social integration week was the conducting of the year 5 scholarship program, aimed at empowering school children gain access to education as one of the seven elements of social integration .
6 galewela .
03 inability of obtaining loans prior to the surgery .
source department of national budget department of state accounts .
the improvement of the financial results for the year under review as compared with the preceding year was observed as due to the increase of income in the year under review .
gampaha district committee meeting on 29092011 .
news gathering foreign .
management development centre .
8arrangements were made to purchase library books for use of members of ranaviru villages .
4 systems and controls .
paying the country’s respect and gratitude embodying the name ranaviru” .
research and training unit .
2012 provincial election, .
125 lack of evidence for audit .
deposits for services refundable .
greeting pertaining to deepawali festival .
issuing of police reports for lost national identity cards police reports were issued in place of lost nics free of charge .
circuit bungalow caretaker .
all the producers in the unit made their contribution by producing programs for the time belt .
donatoin for new computers .
the national languages project has provided infrastructure facilities for the sabaragamuwa provincial center and technical assistance for the programmes being conducted by the representatives of language associations in collaboration with sabaragamuwa provincial centre .
official address madhu zonal education office, andankulam, adampan .
providing translation services for government and semi government institutions and compiling of glossaries .
c for renovation .
p s no 2014310 second instalment – part xi state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
department of official languages .
lease interest vehicle loan .
design and fabrication related information can be obtained from assistant works managerdpb .
2 division of monitoring and supervision .
this had been continuously pointed out in the audit reports for the years 2008 to 2011 .
name mrs chandrarajah .
total number of war heroes .
provisions for gratuity .
this unit carries out their duties under the supervision of deputy director general programmes and director general programmes and the programmes produced and telecast by the unit during the year 2012 .
table 6 – social welfare fund balance as at 31122012 .
27112011 – at buttala divisional secretariat for the monaragala district community members during the deyata kirula exhibition .
a corporate plan for the corporation had not been prepared .
compilation of a fact sheet adding psychosocial and economic information .
national languages and social integration .
a financial regulations .
on that basis, programmes carried out on regional level with the contribution of the people of the society is one of the programmes of social integration week .
this has being utilized successfully and it save remarkable cash out avoiding the outsourcing of jimmy jib systems from outside suppliers .
reconciliation of public officers advance account .
further with the retirement of the war hero the family income declines .
cost of living allowance .
a total of 07 cases have been filed against the corporation .
news current affairs .
08 programmes were conducted this year .
this unit was responsible for producing and telecasting the live program ‘amadam sisilasa’ which was telecast on every poya day from 900am to 1000am under the leadership of the president and the current affairs units also undertook the live coverage of h e the president’s arrival at special occasions .
in october the amawaka porgramme was held at the kahatagasdigiliya viharaya .
the standard current ratio of safe institution should be 21 .
balance as as 31st december 2011 .
under this programme, the language division has enhanced the awareness of around 2,880 students in kandy, matara, ampara, gampaha, colombo, kalutara and batiicaloa districts on the implementation of the official language policy .
various instances of the workshop for preparing question papers for oral tests .
charges for halls rs1040000 .
sorry, this page is under construction .
official address zonal education office, akkaraipattu .
a official receipt had not been obtained for the charges paid to the tourist hotel whereas bills had not been submitted in respect of actual expenditure spent for transport and incidental expenditure .
an awareness programme on underage marriages had been organized by women leaders in killinochchi .
04 supported the organizing work and participated in the distribution of three wheelers organized by the disabled ranaviru welfare project .
department of government factory .
a the number of designs and inventions produced by the moratuwa and nattarampotha project by 31 december of the year under review had been 672 and out of that 381 had been handed over to the workshop .
national lottery board draw, .
traditional industries and small enterprise development .
dec 4 15 .
vanakkam nethra .
twoday residential training workshop for disabled war heroes .
7 sought a decision from the evaluation committee to make payments for the establishment of public halts .
the department did a review on 2014 budget and based on critical assessment, worked out a ministrywise potential budget .
tuesday, 15 august 2017 .
official address zonaleducation office, katugastota .
small flags .
increase of income from loan interest .
kamburawala maha vidyalaya .
this amount in arrears represented 51 percent of the total amount of loans granted .
54 yoga classes, 430 dance classes and navarathri pooja have been conducted to improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of aranery school students of navatkuda hindu cultural centre in batticaloa which is administrated by the department .
thursday, 17 august 2017 .
land reform commission .
director film and dubbing .
preparing progress and action plan for the year ahead and submitting the same to the parliament during the course of the budget debates .
323 youth camp for social integration .
according to ranaviru sewa authority act no54 of 1999 .
computerization of information .
to be the organization empowered to ensure the implementation of the official languages policy by all organizations providing services to the public .
vesak teledrama 01, .
travelling advance local .
preparation of national budget estimate for 2015 .
heavy and light fabrications .
accrual electricity concessionary loan project .
survey research expenses .
citizan charter .
apuru iskole mahattaya .
sewing clothes .
best 3d animation .
expenditure heading 1 ranaviru village home gardening programmes rvsa0801 .
chief executive officer .
factory engineer .
100 temples received cheques valued 2 lakh per each through divisional secretaries for the rehabilitation of hindu temples under the vadakkin vasantham programme .
23 2 debit tax .
cultural religious programmes .
divisional secretariat okwala .
in appreciation, it was a great pleasure to felicitate with gold those staff members who have completed 30 years of dedicated service .
enhancement of thrift and savings of ranaviru family members .
hardshipaltitude heavy duty .
conducting provincial workshops on self employment .
live streaming .
name mr hemapala gunawardhana .
kantale zone .
to protect the national identity of sri lankans the world over .
number of scholarships .
dhurkka parameswary najinai naagammal temple, thirumurikandy .
13092011anuradhapura northern camp .
another special survey was done on children programmes of sri lanka rupavahini corporation based on world children’s day .
also this unit has the responsibility to keep the premises clean with the assistance of bmes institute .
annex 41 .
the financial statements are presented in sri lankan rupees, which is the corporation’s functional currency .
two cases had been finalized during the year under review .
public administrationestablishment code .
under the programme of conducting oral tests for candidates who have passed written examination and second language in gceol examinations, oral tests were conducted for 44,047 officers who passed the written examination in previous years .
plant,machinery other office equipment .
parliamentary affairs .
workshop on the manufacture of sweets .
arrangements were made to send letters informing each child who was selected and awarded a scholarship within the very same month .
local training .
major functions performed by the department .
monthly progress .
those beneficiaries are, .
activities related to appointments, transfers and promotions .
asi disi puwath, .
twenty two 22 technical glossaries including counselling and economics were finalized and uploaded to the department web site .
divisional secretariat meerigama .
official address zonal education office, mannar .
categorization of computer centers provincial wise .
the finance act no38 of 1971 and the sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no6 of 1982 require the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year giving a true and fair view of the state of affairs of sri lanka rupavahini corporation hereinafter referred to as the “corporation” .
financial progress of national institute of language education and training .
name mrsgltsliyanage .
the details are as follows .
it is with all your support that we continue to strive towards fulfilling your needs while maintaining high standards and developing quality programmes as well as uplifting good taste, ultimately to reach heights of excellence in the field of television broadcasting in sri lanka .
b in terms of the section 1532 of the customs amendment act, no 83 of 1988, regulations have been made in such manner to enable the allocation of 50 per cent of the balance of fines income for the reward fund once all expenses are deducted and to distribute them to officers and informants as gifts .
in fact i am well fortunate to receive the fullest cooperation from the secretary and the staff of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs in our efforts to perform the responsibilities of the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs very successfully .
92 no of groups 02 .
even though the following subcommittees had been appointed continuously from the year 2008 to the year 2012, the intended purpose had not been achieved due to the committee being inactive .
nominated for best actor .
the ministry of defence and the sri lanka army had made available 17 and 14 motor vehicles respectively to the college and the ownership of the motor vehicles had not been transferred to the college .
bank interest .
summary of performance – year 2014 .
thambuththegama zone .
investment income .
oct 21 nov 01 .
4 conducting workshops on self employment .
accordingly, uttama puja pranama awards ceremonies were held in 17 districts this year .
colombo 10 .
implementation of the national policy mechanism at local government and community level .
kekirawa zone .
ranaviru sewa authority .
b action had not been taken to find out the existence of the depositor of institutions and those deposits had not been confirmed as refundable deposits .
name mrs aj croos .
c debtors and creditors control .
divisional secretariat hambantota .
the department has issued following circulars during the year 2014, providing guidelines required for expenditure management of the spending agencies .
progress of offering self employment assistance – provincial wise .
name mr mmmziyan .
most of the ranaviru children presently belong to the lower age group and they enter the higher classes at the time of retirement of the war hero after completion of his service period of 12 or 22 years .
review the audit examine reports of the auditor general and the special audit quarries submitted to this department .
a programme 01 .
no 2005, sri rahula mawatha, .
1000 students of aranery schools, their parents and the teachers of aranery schools participated for in this ceremony .
promoting hindu religious education to practice moral characters and religious values among hindu youths .
district secretariat monaragala .
commissioner of excise – revenue – slas .
saiva siththantha classes .
24 sinhala classes, 24 english classes in jaffna district and 41 sinhala classes, 24 english classes in batticaloa district have been conducted .
i special programmes .
thrikonamitiya programme – gceol .
01printing of books and practical books .
bank balance boc torrington branch .
our team .
actual cadre .
name mr hb wijerathne .
educational and documentary programme .
implementing the national policy on social integration via stakeholders concerned .
c for renovations .
no255b11,torrington garden, .
54 investigation of complaints .
c salaries had been paid to the staff recruited on the basis of external services without assessing the performance .
miscellaneous payable – suwa sahana .
significant variances were observed between the budgeted and the actual income and expenditure, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
this unit undertakes necessary makeup for up to 75 100 artists who take part in programmes which also includes live programmes, from 530am to 1030pm on a daily basis .
once the appropriation bill became an act and the minister of finance issued warrants authorizing to incur expenditure as indicated in printed estimates .
in order to be treated as such, there are three factors that must be recognized, such as the ability to control the detection and the potential economic benefits of the future the intangible assets should be amortized under the following policies .
the programme was conducted in negombo for 59 journalists attached to printelectronicsocialweb media of private and state sectors .
department arranged and conducted saiva siththantha classes for the people who are interested in it .
welimada zone .
the news division rendered a great service for the country’s betterment by allocating more time to televise the progress of development activities taking place around the country and disseminate the information to the public .
name mr smanoharan .
the library is considered as one of the main units of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation under the supervision of programme production service .
unu kirigal kanden rukul pojjata .
our target was to set the above record in the year 2011 and we were able to fulfill our determination in the year 2012 .
tasseled flags .
batahira ahasa programeme – live magazine programme .
ensuring that resources mobilized from legally recognized ngos are used in the interest of the people within the framework of law and policy .
anniversary celebrations and events .
referred institution .
13122011 the medical clinic scheduled to be held at the kabithigollewa central college was postponed due to urgent work .
the profitability of those in the 05 preceding years had been as follows .
the teledrama series which consisted of 54 episodes was dubbed into sinhala under the title of ‘sujatha diyaniya’ and gained the highest viewership becoming most popular teledrama .
programmes produced by this unit during the year 2012 .
making necessary arrangements to present the appropriation bill for 2015 to parliament, on time .
name mr h kulasooriya .
management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation .
12 paying cash for a pirith chanting pinkama at the lunama ranaviru village on 03082011 .
according the provisions of appropriation act, limit revisions of 31 public officers’ advance accounts and 05 other advance accounts were submitted for parliamentary approval .
june 1627 .
in addition the following activities were also under took in ranaviru villages .
the responsibility is to archive the files which are essential to the corporation .
to attract maximum number of viewers through excellent transmission .
the money not collected by the officers from the lists of rewards issued by the department from time to time is credited to this account .
hospitalization and surgery insurance covers .
iii guideline 891 .
150 hour sinhalatamil language training programme for the general public .
price list of standard production items .
a functional and presentation currency .
14 march 2013 .
video monitors fault repairs .
in times when viewers were inclined to raise questions about the quality of the present day’s mega teledramas, this unit was able to introduce a novel concept to mega teledramas with the production of “isiwara ranakeli” which is a long running teledrama, whichin turn, this captured the attention of a vast number of viewers and proved to be a turning point in the mega teledrama culture .
divisions such as examination, translation, language laboratory, publications and selling, glossary compilation, research, development and library have been established in the department to carry out the above functions .
recorded cassettes .
319 rupavahini social welfare fundtsunami .
progress reports .
a construction of a separate building complex for the postgraduate academic division .
123 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
kapilawasthu tooth relic take in procession live telecast tissa maharamaya .
divisional secretariat kelaniya .
name of the officer .
during the year 2015, sinhala, tamil, english and foreign languages courses were conducted successfully for 1500 students .
pa system setups .
the strategies adopted by the government to develop the life styles of village communities and the tanks as well as the change of the rural artistic affairs .
d assets control .
facilitating initiatives for social cohesion and transformation project assists the government of sri lanka by supporting the development and implementation of a policy framework for social integration and inclusive citizen participation among state and civil society activists .
friday, 11 august 2017 .
15 social and cultural division .
122 lack of evidence for audit .
highways, ports and shipping .
3 galnewa .
the due place for official languages must be given in administration of university .
official address chief minister's office, upper dickson road, galle .
accordingly, empowering of 54 officers of the ministry and its affiliated institutions as language plan technical committee officers took place .
courses such as dancing, music, computer science, preschools and english language studies are used in this regard .
diagram 2 issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
out of the fines collected under the tobacco tax act, 25 percent can be used for the payment of rewards .
adorning of ranaviru flags took place in 8 provinces .
expenditure heading 6 leadership training workshops .
in 2015, 02 teacher training programmes were conducted as income generating programmes and 68 teachers have been trained under the programme .
programs produced and telecasted by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation music unit in 2012 .
4 scholarships project .
as a remedy to a main problem encountered by the ranaviru community at the regional level in giving priority, at the request of the ranaviru community and under the guidance of the ministry of defence, identity cards are issued to close relatives of ranaviru families to establish they are members of ranaviru families .
these recruitments helped very much in the smooth functioning of the authority .
the international educational tours which were provided directly to the ir unit were offered to a producer for siyol – korea, 02 producers for china, and 02 producers for shanhai – china under the chairman’s approval .
expenditure heading 2 friendship promotion programmes among ranavitu villages rvsa0804 .
financial assistance was provided through district secretaries for the rehabilitation of 30 temples in puttalam kegalle districts for deyata kirula exhibition and expenditure was made for 28 temples .
04102011mankulam army camp .
implementing trilingual programmes in national festivals, .
music program .
name mrbpthisara .
kodei vasandam .
udhaya darisanam, .
this workshop was conducted on 27,28, and 29082015 for the officers belonging to leveliv of the public service at trilingual learning centre in the city of jaffna .
in compliance with the requests received, 79 such programmes were conducted in 2015 38 of them 38 were sinhala medium programmes while 41 were tamil medium programmes .
coordinating “deyata kirula” development program 2014 .
june 29,30 .
4 real time video streaming of rupavahini channel throughout the transmission .
breaking news was telecast in three languages, sinhala, english and tamil .
the ranaviru sewa authority since its establishment in 2000 for the welfare of the family members of war heroes who had made the supreme sacrifice for the protection of the independence of the country and those missing in operations and those who were made to retire on medical grounds following losing the limbs in operations and their family members has been planning and implementing programmes annually on ten priority areas during the past 11 years till 2010 and in 2011 commenced the implementation of progarmmes and projects under five areas .
initiating reviews of any regulations, directions or administrative practices, which affect or may affect, the status or use of one of the three languages .
the corporation carries out transactions in the ordinary course of its business with parties who are defined as related parties in sri lanka accounting standard 24 “related party disclosures”, the details of which are reported below .
nov 26 dec 11 .
thursday, 31 august 2017 .
procurement of vehicles for all government agencies under the financial leasing method .
name mr s krishnakumar .
in addition to the above programs, special programmes which are important to the current situations and overseas tours of he the president and special programs in tamil medium were also telecasted .
these were produced and telecast in 2012 and continuing in 2013 .
passara zone .
officers members training pro .
previewing monitoring chargers .
02 development activities .
skills development loans .
puttlamsocializing school children of less resourced schools located in difficult areas by assuring their future through vocational training and providing books for school libraries concerned .
aesthetic education branch 1st floor .
4helping war heroes to get land and assisting them in settlement of land issues .
therefore, such heavy expenditure incurred by the fuel fund for the departmental fuel expenditure under such circumstances is a contentious matter in the audit .
this event provides an opportunity to learn about the values ​​of different religions and cultures within the same community .
accordingly, it was unable to assure the fruitfulness of the utilization of vehicles .
every monday, a time period of 02 hours has been allocated for the programmes ‘vedikava’ and ‘haraskada’ .
as such as the budget for the year 2012 had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
their loan applications can be collected from respective welfare directorates .
chief accountant or accountant payment can be contacted in relation to payments and expenditure of the customer jobs .
annual report 2008 .
as a sum of deducted in connection with nopay leave from february 2010 in january 2012 had been credited to the deposit account referred to above, the noncurrent liabilities had been overstated by that amount .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the excise reward fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
cabssingle doublecrew .
home gardening .
total comprehensive income for the period .
unveiling of a ranaviru monument erected by hanguranketha ranaviru community on 07062011 .
wednesday, 16 august 2017 .
remembarance program conducted in national and provincial level .
a the professional program on the indigenous medicine for fractures and dislocations .
programme on improvement of vocational training .
the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages functions as the sri lankan partner of the project .
various programs division .
deferred income tax asset .
sunday, 13 august 2017 .
preservation, promotion and propagation of hindu religion and culture .
c registration of degree medical practitioners in the year 2009 had been 190 and it had gradually decreased to 135 by the year 2012 .
trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method .
v1housing aid project .
2 school going children of war heroes who have become totally disabled, .
director drama .
reconciliation of public officers advance account 2014 .
war heroes who were disabled in action in safe guarding the motherland war heroes who lost their livesmissing and became disabled up to the year 2011 provincial wise .
a request with relevant details, submitted to the management board for approval for granting mapiya surekum benefits to parents of war heroes who have died from nonoperational causes was turned down .
post of project manager and administrative officer .
divisional secretariat, ampara .
identifying the training needs based on talents and skills of ranaviru family members and guide them for imparting technical and technological knowledge and training and making available opportunities .
the particulars of the staff of the centre for the year 2012 are given below .
public health services .
thunthara bodhiya relegious programme .
the number of staff members has not been increased though the number of programmes has gone up significantly in 2010 compared to those of its beginning .
•attention was paid to 04 main aspects that need be taken into consideration in the implementation of the official language policy viz .
insurance covers .
satellite related charges local .
prevent duplication and incompatibility proper recognition was given to identify duplicated and incompatible activities under each of the ministries .
the action plan prepared in that manner is being implemented with the consensus of the ranaviru community .
web streaming service .
cancelled cheques corporate .
maintenance unit 1 .
sittoondi vinayakar aranery school, .
name mr ggapremesiri .
department published a guideline book consists of common appointment files in 2014 to administrate the hindu temples considering its good and bad conditions of the administration .
annex 19 .
current affairs block vote .
under this programme commenced in 2013, two programmes per district were carried out .
information programmes .
e the officer in charge of the laboratory of the nattarampotha branch had proceeded abroad at the beginning of the year 2010 and that officer had not taken action to handover the inventory goods .
programmes conducted .
exhibition stall at dayata kirula .
however, action had not been taken to obtain the additional space up to the end of the month of april 2013 .
other offences .
provision of suitable land for war heroes and their families for building houses for living .
it is expected to shift the head quarters of the ranaviru sewa authority to this building in first quarter of 2012 .
during 2015, 07 programmes of this nature were planned to be conducted .
table 7 – b copyright fee .
by strengthening the institutional capabilities of planning in the relevant field, the programs focus on the recommendations of the lessons learned and reconciliation commission as well as the government's ability to implement the national policy framework for social integration .
the present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds as no active market for highquality corporate bonds in sri lanka .
classes conducted in nallur navalar manimandapam .
fabrication and installation of 2 nos water management gates and 3 nos radial gates for deduru oya project .
recoverable from retired resigned employees .
a formal course of action had not been taken even during the year under review for the recovery of the money from the debtors existing for more than 07 years .
world children’s day .
working place .
annex 37 .
the following projects are being implemented by the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs in keeping line with the government policy towards the creation of a virtuous society .
tables 8 – amounts of investment income in the year 2012 .
this unit is responsible for the president’s coverage including local and international official tours of the president the provision of technical assistance for the usage of the telepromptor at the speeches given by the president in special occasions televising the development activities taking place around the country and the excellent progress of these development projects, telecasting news alerts .
the following accounting deficiencies were observed .
granting housing loans for those in the service .
janitorial service .
radial gates are made out of using structural steel and stainless steels 316 l grade .
b public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 section 651 .
12 trade receivables .
3 arranging financial sponsorships of donors for the benefit of ranaviru children with disabilities or those who are sick .
medical clinic .
treasury bills .
in this context it is prominent that we gather the ideas from the staff members as a solution for the problems such as the strategies taken for program standardization, identifying the problems experiencing by the management as well as the staff members and planning the remedies in order to solve such problems in future .
07 staff of the ranaviru sewa authority .
the department of official languages situated at “bhasha mandiraya” no3417, kotte road, rajagiriya is headed by the commissioner of official languages .
10day tamil language training programme for the national integration coordination officers .
creating office rooms using aluminum and wooden partitioning .
distribution of scholarships according to district .
losses on disposal .
b even though the handrail of the stairway and the exterior security fences of the above building had been constructed with iron and painted with galvanizing, those had rusted by the time of inspection .
human resources .
in the year 2012 the children unit telecast its programmes under themes of ‘siyapathvila’ and ‘minipahan weta’ .
gee sara .
7 dodamgoda .
packaging of dates .
3 financial contributions for new year events .
37, 1st lane, .
dec 07 17 .
hand book of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans of the district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
may 26 june 05 .
water bills .
the air force cycle raceguwavn hamuda papedi savariya live telecast for three days .
facilitation project on social transformation and integration functions under four basic sectors in order to achieve the above results .
4donation of three wheelers .
due to our special request from us, the number of workshops was increased to 03 .
05 supported the distribution of letters in respect of yhe uttama puja pranama medal awards presentation .
through these programmes, many benefits such as improvement of education, economic and infrastructure facilities, building of mutual understanding and trust among ethnic groups, awareness of social integration were granted to the marginalized general public .
expenditure heading 7 national and regional functions .
commercial high court .
decrease in miscellaneous income .
balance as at 31 december 2011 and as at 31 december 2012 .
loading charges .
the following projects were implemented by the department up to 31st december 2014 .
best teledrama .
sri lankan government hospitals .
name mr ppcsj pathirage .
methodologies to achieve targets and objectives .
morawewa village .
as per the budget estimates approved by parliament for year 2014, provisions were allocated among 208 expenditure headsspending units .
annex 26 .
siththi vinayakar temple, poonagary .
celvary super cross motor competition live telecast from ibbagamuwa for 06 hours .
the musical show ‘vienna philharmonic new year concert’ which was a live telecast from vienna, austria was obtained free of charge through the satellite and this was recorded live and later on telecast .
08 single counseling psycho counseling support .
out of that, 242 applications were programme transfers and 1,347were project transfers .
in order to empower the public officers in the two official languages, island wide parttime language training programmes are implemented by the national institute of language education and training .
telephone bills .
research on hindu religion .
c according to the prevailing customs rewards scheme, the payment of rewards to the officers is not made only from the fines imposed on the parties involved in customs duty frauds, but also from 50 per cent of the tax receivable by the government from those parties .
the tamil unit of the news current affairs division produced and telecast ‘naaledugalil indru’– news paper headlines, ‘abhiviruththip panikal ’ government development drive, ‘vidiyalai nokki’ discussion on government development drive, ‘kandathum kettaththum’ weekly magazine programme, ‘ulagavalam’ world political programme, over channel eye in tamil medium .
this programme provides the staff with the career guidance and assistance necessary for personality development .
1 national ranaviru day .
314programmes conducted in collaboration with the national language projects .
premium – medical insurance scheme .
it is the first encyclopedia in the world published by the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs consisting of information about hindu religion .
drwijewardana mawatha .
all other repairs and maintenance are charged to the statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred .
this programme highlighted the project of yodha wewa in the northern and eastern areas with postwar progress have allowed paddy cultivation to resume successfully .
22 legal actions initiated against or by the institution .
administration division .
a a sum of paid to construction service providers during the year under review as encashment of security bonds had been written off against the profit for the year under review instead of being debited to the debtors account in order to recover it from the contractors .
badulla district committee meeting on 08082011 .
nov 21dec 02 .
monday, 14 august 2017 .
ii the dependants of the members of the armed forces and police force who have been killed or are missing in action to secure gainful employment .
animal husbandry .
recording sound management and multi camera .
pastservice costs are recognized immediately in income, unless the changes to the pension plan are conditional on the employee remaining in service for a specified period of time the vesting period, in this case, the pastservice costs are amortized on a straightline basis over the vesting period .
fences and fencing parts .
some of the cases filed against sri lanka rupavahini corporation were settled in 2012 .
develop human resources through local and foreign training .
700 pm to 730 pm main tamil news .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the defence services command and staff college as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka public sector accounting standards .
goods in transit .
garden products and toold .
all ministries and departments of sri lanka participated and arranged exhibition stalls .
kalutara04 day educational tour to build national unity by languages programmegrade 1011 tamil learning students of horana, sripalee vidyalaya .
medicated wine license .
decrease in over provision for doubtful loans .
094 maintenance expenses .
224 lack of evidence for audit .
it is this unit’s responsibility to compare the program line ups scheduled with those of the other television stations and present the programs in an appropriate manner and also enter the programs to the lineup that are suitable for family viewing .
this medal awards presentation had a good influence on creating respect and self esteem towards the war heroes’ relatives in the name of the war hero .
provision as at 31122012 .
completed job description .
02 minimizing the need of obtaining loans as applicants are receiving sufficient financial assistance for surgeries .
the long list of local as well as international awards and accolades we have won this year is ample proof for the recognition and appreciation of the national duty which we have fulfilled creatively .
ransirimal teledrama .
presented the budget to the parliament second reading on 24102014 .
amla bashma lavana .
b deposit account .
the classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition .
the name boards which were manufactured by us is listed below .
wana vaduna wanaman .
law and order .
the news division was able to air a special coverage of london olympics through an hourly and main news telecast .
granting of community housing loans .
to commemorate the world children’s and elder’s day .
18 financial statement .
select province .
consists two nanthies .
the functions of the internal audit unit .
cash at bank .
advance to employees purchase .
due to the delay in the construction works, it had not been possible to expand the courses expected for commencement in the year 2013 .
34 underutilisation of funds .
the graphic unit attached to the news division played a substantial role to telecast the news .
in addition to the above, this unit also produced special programs on national importance, such as the national independence day, victory day, collecting the new harvest festival ‘aluth sahal mangalya’ in a timely manner .
poompuhar siththivinayakar aranery school, .
project officer .
122 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations .
finance costs .
granting community housing loans .
preparation of observations on cabinet memoranda .
special christmas telecast, .
rs mn .
best tamil news reader .
91 days .
operating profit .
hotel bar license .
displaying trilingual alphabets in schools, building words and sentences on daily, weekly and monthly basis and conducting programmes to encourage winners by giving points, .
boc ranaviru rimem benivo project .
waw pokuna .
total other operating income .
income expenditure ac .
8 provided technical facilities for the time attendance system running with biometric devices .
nation building tax .
viii land of the corporation and lands of transmitting stations rates value .
action has been taken to reprint in 2015 .
3 nawagampura .
66language training programme for civil society .
2d 3d animation studio .
promotion of hindutamil arts culture .
sitha nivana katha poya teledram .
in 2014, having established bilingual facilitation booths in 06 divisional secretariats and 08 district secretariats, the ministry in 2015 established such booths in the district secretariats located in colombo, trincomalee, puttalam and in divisional secretariats located in lahugala, padiyathalawa, kundasale, kegalle and monaragala .
03 trilingual programme .
official address zonal education office, kekirawa .
budgetary provision required for the normal operations of the department of national budget was shown under head 240 in the budget estimates for 2014 and allocations were provided under 2 programmes .
nevertheless, it was observed that proper steps had not been taken on the unsettled amounts remaining over long periods relating to the redeposited rewards .
materials used for manufacturing these gates are of cast iron, mild steel, structural steel, stainless steel, and timber depending on the customer needs .
kandy district committee meeting on 18072011 .
1 mawanella .
accrual allowances .
minuwangoda zone .
03 psychological programme .
in most cases war heroes and their families encountered difficulties in finding places land to build houses even though encouragement with providing financial facilities are made available to get a suitable house built for living through the housing and concessionary loan scheme .
preparing the monthly, quarterly and annual progress reports and submitting them to the secretary to the ministry, department of national planning, department of national budget, department of project management and evaluation and any other interested parties .
setting up of a depository of details related to languages .
conducted review meetings with the secretary to the treasury and the deputy secretaries along with relevant departments agencies .
further, the marketing production unit was responsible for producing national events and musical programs on client base the number of lottery draw programs produced daily by the unit was 1404 annually .
kapilawasthu tooth relic pradarshanaya, .
for the programmes in jaffna .
government service transfers of close relatives of war heroes .
name mrsymcdyaparahna .
sizes are ranging from 2’x 2’ to up ward .
1825 books have been purchased from 70 writers and being distributed for encouraging tamil writers in sri lanka .
in order to gather vulnerable people and teach them about hindu moral characters, this progrmme was arranged in selected vulnerable areas .
table 51 cadre of the year 2014 .
mahaweli musical show, .
in the year 2013, having taken another step forward, the ministry successfully completed establishing bilingual service booths at 19 divisional secretariats .
submission of reports .
3 for participating in a karate competition held in india .
letters requesting the participation of community members to the function to be held at dodamgoda entrance prior to the opening ceremony of southern express way were sent to community of agalwatta palindanuwara dodamgoda bulathsinhalamatugama walalawita, and kalutara .
vijayaba motor race, .
granting housing loans .
retention – sri lanka rupavahini corporation employees .
5official languages commission and its progress .
aruma puduma roda hathara, .
scheduled programmes by language .
your wellbeing .
fuel for generator .
2 lunugamwehera .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the construction guarantee fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
new showroom battaramulla .
a weekly time slot has already been maintained titled ‘dhara’ to televise documentary programmes at 730 pm on sundays .
to elaborate, due to the nonidentification of the role and inability to make it a success through collective efforts causes divisions in the group .
0800 pm to 0830 pm – main sinhala news .
education services unit .
book library, .
2 nivitigala .
the number of participants was 30582 .
profit loss on disposal .
the ranaviru sewa authority has introduced this housing loan scheme to make the dream of house of the ranaviru families living in ranaviru villages a reality .
further, the average overtime duty of these officers per day had exceeded 20 hours .
official address zonal education office, passara .
medical assistance programme .
walasmulla zone .
328 dialogue with media towards enhancing social harmony .
special donation .
the great award kalabhushana viruthu is awarded by the department every year to the artists who have rendered yeoman service to the arts and culture .
01 january 2011 .
balance as at 01012011 .
yasa isuru teledrama 1 .
production service .
under this programme land will be reserved through divisional secretariats for distribution among war heroes .
accountant, department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
june 0105 .
a self employment products sales stall was opened at the dayata kirula exhibition 2011 buttala by the skills and economic development project at which products of 15 beneficiaries were on display for sale .
district officers have made arrangements to distribute cheques in respect of housing aid under the patronage of the governors and the beneficiaries were educated by this project .
sri jayawardhanapura zone .
payments for maintenance items .
according to the comprehensive income statement, the total expenditure for the year under review amounted to and as such the cost per graduate amounted to management inefficiencies .
41 management inefficiencies .
financial report .
department of official languages was established on 01101956 as an institution tasked with the implementation of official language act no 33 of 1956 .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation, .
5 ranaviru villages project .
the objective of this project is to grant concessionary loans under housing loan programme in order to help war heroes and the police presently in service to fulfill their aspirations .
changes in new standards, amendments and interpretation issued but not effective for the financial year beginning 1 january 2012 and not early adopted .
the chairperson made a visit to look into the situation of mundalama community 20111116 .
ntv unit .
annex 27 .
the best creation .
batticaloa zone .
number of display centres based on tourists .
name branch .
rectified spirits license .
drivers room in kokavil tx station, .
as a high gearing ratio is indicated, the possibility of that affecting the going concern of the corporation cannot be ruled out .
the awareness programme on the issues faced by the female employees in the government sector .
equipment for ntv .
ii board of survey reports .
d management audit circular no dma200902 of 01 september 2009 .
local – training programs .
special projects under the skills development project .
14092011medawachchiya women corp .
annex 05 .
vi housing assistance project .
03awareness creation programme among the officers of colombo municipal council .
sri uththararamaya, passara .
name mr rm thilakarathne .
service rendered or money paid .
mushroom cultivation .
in studios and outside broadcasting unit, 05 nos of assistant directors engineering, 36 nos of technical officers and 12 nos of studio and outside broadcast assistants have been employed in 2012 .
buddhabhi vandana nelum pokuna, .
scheduling unit .
accordingly, an awareness programme on preparation of language plans was conducted for officers of the institutions under the ministry of parliamentary reforms and mass media on 16102015 .
a ranaviru child who has lost her right foot .
thaippongal – stamp release .
the budget also provided for the implementation of the budget proposals announced in the annual budget 2014 and the government's policy priorities .
the selection of the 2010 winners provincial wise for children’s skills evaluation programme is as follows .
undertaking common educational activities including sponsoring or initiating publications or other media presentations considered suitable by the commission on the status or use of languages concerned .
the collected ideas had been considered for the 05 year action plan .
special events .
under the programme .
head office of the authority .
promoting research on hindu religion and culture .
saarc international film festival .
the details of the employees recruited .
reasons for closing down .
trade receivables .
the corporation recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the corporation the primary source of revenue is derived from sale of airtime .
electricity – tx station .
cir stamp duty .
2 for the implementation of projects financial contributions are made through jayaviru lotteries and subsequently supiri wasana sampatha .
pass the appropriation bill by parliament .
d economic service charges act no 13 of 2006 .
fees for written competitions .
first appoinment date and designation .
psychosocial programme .
effecting a positive mentality among the general public of sri lanka in relation to propagation and promotion of language .
p s no 2014324 second instalment – part xv state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
3 adorning of ranaviru flags .
the training center, which is situated in an attractive location, consists of a lecture hall with room for about 250 trainees at a time, group discussion facilities for residential training for about 60 persons and a library .
313 defined contribution plans .
in compliance with a request made by the department of health,a 11day residential second language training programme was conducted for the medical doctors engaged in internship training .
summary of the programmes conducted in 2015 .
name list of staff .
ownership certificates .
5 surveying construction of community hall building at nugadola wattha ranaviru villagetwice .
this division has entered into several individual projects to achieve this objective .
official address ministry of education, uva provincial council, badulla .
representing the committee on accounting of the parliament .
other assets .
dividend declared to government 25 .
administration of hindu pilgrim’s rest house in kataragama .
9 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the mapalagama ranaviru village .
one important task of the skills development project is to make provision for family members of the war heroes and of those who retired with disability improve their computer knowledge .
314 grants .
e staff administration .
financial leasing management .
compilation of data base containing details of all beneficiary parents of mapiya surekum programme .
the objectives of language audits are implementing, examining and reviewing the recommendations .
applying for annual training courses .
annual accounts for the years from 2000 to 2011 had not been tabled in parliament .
aug 24 sep 03 .
live telecasts were made during the year 2012 .
social care institute,beruwala .
to encourage the organizations which maintain the homes for children and elders, financial assistance is granted annually, following districts were provided financial assistance this year .
the objective of the porgramme was to enhance the social integration through providing the general public with sinhala and tamil language knowledge .
name mr r chandradas .
for the school children of the special education units in vidyaraja vidyalaya in thavalama and mahabodhi vidyalaya in panangala .
projectsprograms implemented by the ministry to obtain results generated, efficiency, effectiveness are monitored and evaluated .
budget expenditure as per government accounts .
11 new ftp facility to news room with sri lanka telecom shared 100gb disk space and point to point leased line from slt to sri lanka rupavahini corporation news room .
24, sri sumangala road, .
publicity programmes .
makeup material .
twenty two internal audit queries in the first half of the year and 4 internal audit queries in the second half of the year had been issued .
number achieved .
b even though the internal audit of the ayurvedic medical council should be carried out by the ministry of indigenous medicine, an internal audit relevant to the year 2012 had not been carried out .
8 net book value of assets .
thennamaradchi zone .
numbers of officers under the following service levels were in the organizational structure of nbd in year 2014 as per the public administration circular no 062006 .
132 debtors employee .
b extension of service period of the staff recruited on contract basis had not been done according to the proper procedure .
enhancement of the earning capacity of family members of war heroes according to their capacity and talents .
on contract basis .
elecricity expenses .
facilitating initiatives for social cohesion and transformation project is implemented by the development assistant institute of germany on behalf of the german federal ministry for economic cooperation and development in collaboration with the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages in sri lanka .
materials, plant machinery, equipments, work and services required by government factory for provision of customer works, products and services are published annually under the registration of suppliers .
categorization of programmes 2012 .
6 payment of first installment for the construction of community hall building at galnewa ranaviru village .
122 unexplained differences .
produced other programmes .
renovated the main control room .
the final event was held under the theme ‘sirilaka piri avurudu siri rupavahini avurudu udanaya 2012’ in monaragala and captured the highest viewership in comparison with the events organized by the other channels during the april season .
report of the auditor general on the financial statements of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation for the year ended 31 december 2012 in terms of section 14 2 c of the finance act no 38 of 1971 .
printing books and language text books likely to facilitate language proficiency and conducting language proficiency tests .
departmental fines .
m 930 .
publicity and media unit .
selvavinayakar temple, olumadu, mankulam .
on the second and fourth sundays of every month till september 2012 .
facilitating relevant locallevel processes and mechanisms aimed at improving service delivery systems, particularly in the areas of legal aid, prison administration and access to documentation are done by this project on equal access to justice .
projects accounts .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the commissioner general of excise from time to time .
as such, the attention of the corporation had not been paid to making use of a budget as an instrument of management control .
moreover, sivudesa foreign news commentary was telecast daily from 600 am to 625 am .
bicycle parts .
b the total assets to the total liabilities ratio of the corporation for the year under review and the preceding year were 13 .
the programs telecast on channel eye are .
purchasing of uniform materials for aranery school students .
water management gates and accessories .
the ranaviru sewa authority was established by the parliamentary act of no 54 1999 .
workshop on the manufacture of leather products .
among those institutions 07 provincial councils, 01 divisional secretariat, 03 police stations and 03 hospitals were built as innovative models .
budget 2 district awareness .
372 provisions – sundry debtor .
fixed the ceiling of makeup unit .
the quiz program titled “suwa nena” was produced in collaboration with ministry of education coinciding with the “world aids day” .
further, tamil literature and cultural festival was also conducted in polonnaruwa and badulla districts and over 365 public participated and benefitted .
vinivida, nugasevana, .
unlawfully sale of cannabis .
1230 pm to 100 pm rupavahini diva puwath .
friday, 25 august 2017 .
dictionary for tamil words used in eelam .
hence i wish to extend my thankfulness to the secretary and all staff members of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs for their great support .
specification preparations .
udira pookkal .
official address zonal education office, maho .
education project operating .
water management gates are used for irrigation system .
name mr nmkb nawarathne .
name mrpsridharan .
b salaries, wages and other allowances totaling paid based on external services had been classified as research and development expenditure instead of being classified as personnel emoluments .
d it has been pointed out from time to time in the audit that there have been numerous instances where customs officers have been rewarded with tax revenues and penalties levied from various parties without special customs investigation .
improving the infrastructure facilities of 2 villages located in haputhale where the plantation people reside .
there must be a clear path in order to achieve that target .
districtvice sholarship distribution .
public management assistant .
official address zonal education office, trincomalee .
the high quality popular programs made by the producers of the documentary unit won the best awards for the documentary programmes category at sumathi, raigam and state awards ceremonies .
health master plan .
3 weligama .
issuance of birth certificates, registration of late births, making amendments, probable birth certificatesabout 2073 documents of the above nature have been issued in 2015 .
best upcoming actress nominee .
under this project loans are given to the families of those dead, missing, and those retired with disability to begin a self employment or to improve an existing one .
annex 04 .
choose source .
official languages policy and its legal background .
refreshment allowance .
the list of 241 applicants in the badulla district who had been referred to the authority for obtaining land was recommended and sent to the meegahakiula divisional secretariat .
withholding tax wht deducted at source .
annex 56 .
audio monitors fault repairs .
6 making technical arrangements in order to cater the individuals who use the mobile and other device for viewing .
it was conducted on 04th and 05th of april 2014 at vivekananda college, orr’s hill, trincomalee .
annual report 2014 .
the advantage of this preserving system is that the visuals copied in that format will be preserved for nearly 50 years without harming its technical qualities .
the motive of the ranaviru sewa authority is making the tomorrow of these respectable children a better and secured one .
progress review and monitoring programmes for teachers .
kuliyapitiya zone .
while the costs of these programmes are borne by the respective institutions,the objective of this programme is to deliver a more efficient service to the general public by providing the public officers with the language training .
poya live telecast .
other receivables .
the mission of the department of excise has been broadly identified as the efficient and effective administration of the liquor and the tobacco industry in sri lanka through the collection of revenue and prevention of illicit manufacture and sale of such products, for development and welfare of the society, and the enforcement of the poisons, opium and dangerous drugs ordinance for the social protection of sri lanka .
hiring of third party infrastructure .
single episode tele dramas .
progress review programmes for teachers .
september 29,30 .
betal cultivation .
other operating expenditure .
hindu cultural fund .
information requested for audit .
the targeted schedule of conducting programmes could not be achieved in the backdrop of the failure in the part of the provincial officers who were entrusted the job of organizing necessary programmes at the provincial level and educating about the project .
noncompliances with the following laws, rules, regulations and management decisions were revealed .
number of payments made .
conducting research on hindu religion and tami culture .
rest house license .
the published and distributed nandhi flag details are as follows .
national ranaviru day function was successfully held at the parliamentary sports ground on may 18th 2011 .
obtaining lists of names of members participating in the function from all community .
retention with holding turnover tax .
a basic awareness creation with regard to the official languages policy was held, and subsequently a session for questions and discussions was held .
maintaining, updating and developing the data of the ministry .
in 2015, festivals of this nature were conducted by the ministry in kandy, matale and colombo districts .
single counseling support was extended to the war heroes and members of their families who sought such a service regarding their mental and family problems and we rereferred to the psychosocial division during the year .
apart from the production of these programs, religious programs were also produced by the documentary unit .
01 inspection of houses being built in the monaragala district and scheduled to open in parallel to the deyata kirula exhibition that took place on 5th and 6th of january .
briefing universities and higher educational institutes .
d budgetary control .
the news division was able to give a comprehensive coverage of the respective districts from the pre publicity to issuing of final results .
sumathi tele awards, .
annual performance report .
copyright fees paid to acquire telecast rights of programmes either local or foreign cost of produced programmes teledramas, motion pictures, films etc that meet the triple criteria of being able to identify, control existence of future economic benefits as defined in lkas 38 .
amawaka poya day religious programme in june .
42 providing translation services to government and semigovernment institutions and compiling glossaries .
sale of tv time – channel 1 .
mahinda rajapaksha international airport of mattala .
functions of the department .
commissioner of excise – administration and human resources – slas .
the main responsibility of this unit is to review cost estimates pertaining to the programs of all divisions and units of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, and to provide administrative services required from issuing of file numbers for each production in order to coordinate all other services until the production process of a program is completed .
submitted the appropriation bill to parliament on 26092014 .
in addition to that attend 197 numbers of break downs of ac units and related equipment .
vijjakaraya single episode teledrama .
in 2015, the language division had been able to provide funds for 87 projects submitted by language associations established in different areas of the country .
41 providing facilities helpful to obtain language proficiency .
under these programmes, there were programmes to develop friendliness, knowledge of language, skills and attitude among ethnic groups and initiatives to prepare name boards in three languages in monaragala and buttala divisional secretariats .
permanent, contract casual grades .
official address zonal education office, denuwara .
other clinic .
a section 83 of the public enterprises circulars no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
b identification of state land or other land that can be distributed among war heroes and preparation of such land suitable for distribution .
provision of shelter to the relevant families is a very special and complex aspect in delivering the services of the ranaviru sewa authority for the benefit of war heroes and their families .
the 3d and 2d graphics and the creativities the staff provided for the programs have helped to up lift the quality of the programs and were able to obtain the highest ratings for the programs as same .
further, the average overtime duty of these officers per day per officer had exceeded 20 hours .
portable vcrs preventive maintenance .
the authority implemented 10 projects on two main targets .
workshop for training of focal point officers on gender .
824 procurement of equipment for language labs of department of official languages and national institute of language education and training .
research officer .
aluminum or .
merit award .
health medical officer’s office–ambagamuwa .
chief administrative officer .
7 independence day live .
1 conducting ranaviru remembrance ceremonies at the national and the regional levels .
d advances settlement control .
sri subramaniya swamy temple, rewon shoot division pallakedduwa, badulla .
year of published .
while this is a document installed within ministries from the ground level to the national level, it contains the strategic plans and policy solutions relevant to efficient and effective implementation of the official language policy in the respective institutions .
total cost of sales .
i request to be selected to any one of the courses mentioned above .
total carrying amount of property, plant equipment .
financial progress of official languages commission .
ensuring compliance with the financial obligations and regulations of the government .
public administration and home affairs .
unlawfully sale of arrack .
to commemorate sinhala and tamil new year .
making of brown paper bags .
accordingly, the appropriation act amendment no 47 of 2014 which includes the above changes was approved by parliament .
the balances of the deposit account and the balance of the fund indicated improvement as shown below .
it was observed that the budget had not been used as an effective instrument of management control because of a significant variance between the estimated provision and actual expenditure .
01012014 31122014 .
2 nikaweratiya .
the identified land obtained through the above action is as follows .
official address zonal education office, kebithigollewa .
noof schools .
a understatements and overstatements .
the best news reporting .
the name of the village .
unlawfully distill spirits .
an analysis of the financial results of the overtime fund for the year ended 31 december 2012 and the 09 preceding years is given below .
accordingly, understanding the value of the implementation of the official language policy by the general public in their residential areas will contribute towards bringing about coexistence in the society .
threethal musical programmes, .
5 social and cultural division .
cultural programmes were also conducted by the school students from jaffna and mullaitivu districts .
video projector facilities .
best set designing .
project number and name ministry office .
public enterprises circular no ped 38 dated 14 july 2006 .
the news and current affairs division makes a great contribution continually to produce daily news, disseminating accurate information to the viewers .
targeted beneficiaries .
this book contains 10 essays in 182 pages .
income had not been estimated properly and as such increase of income of certain items against the budget ranging from 25 per cent to 44 per cent as well as decrease in the income ranging from 33 per cent to 1062 per cent were observed .
it was undoubtedly the ample support and commitment by our entire staff including managers that have made all this possible .
in addition, legal obstructions existed in implementing this decision and amendments regarding the said matter had been forwarded to the department of legal draftsman .
on that basis under the national languages project, 14 government institutions were selected based on 04 criteria by the asian foundation and developed as innovative model centres .
unlawfully sale of spirits .
housing project 3297600 .
foreign aid .
listeners were made aware of the programmes through teaser programme .
preparation of cost estimates of noncommercial statutory boards funded by the consolidated fund .
replying to the audit queries .
leasing of satellite band with 9 mhz .
however, action had not been taken up to the date of this report to obtain the final report including the above criteria and publish it .
social services .
payments for judges for competitions other than written competitions and auxiliary artistes .
set props .
educating the parents to send their account books to the post office branches of the national savings bank in their district .
rhythm chat entertaining music programme .
11 3 fixed deposit interest income .
a medical camp with specialists doctors for the sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff in association with colombo general hospital and health ministry .
the team representing badulla district won the 1st place at the competition consisting of 23 programmes .
annex 54 .
there is a need of considerable spending in order to do so .
signis tele awards .
provision for dividend to the government .
18082014 32014 guidelines for preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
however, at the end the vehicle becomes an asset of the concerned agency .
official address zonal education office, maruthanarmadam, chunnakam .
to produce informative, educational and entertaining programmes while maintaining the highest standards and creativity .
land administration .
nsb psychosocial project .
although here was 915 tremendous growth of the viewership for the children programs, according to the results of the survey, it is very clear this growth depended on cartoons dubbed programs .
special projects in 2012 .
in the event of the suspension of a scholarship it will be paid again with funds from the authority .
registered temples, hindu religious organizations and hindu aranery schools in the department .
“yasa isuru” teledrama .
we have been successful in absorbing the very high cost involved in this process .
5 wathupitiwala .
eleven cases had been filed against the corporation by external parties and 05 cases had been filed by the employees of the corporation as at 31 december 2012 .
1 national languages development programme .
promoting social integration through arts and culture .
the financial statements have been prepared in compliance with slfrs, subject to certain transition elections and exceptions disclosed in note 8 .
hindu religious festival .
financial assistance to the temples under capital expenditure .
this awareness creation programme was organized after analyzing the complaints received by the commission in the previous years with regard to violation of the official languages policy considering national universities as special fields .
sivarathri was also celebrated in the parliament on 25092014 with the presence of members of parliament, secretaries to the ministries, directors of the departments and other officers .
one of the objectives of this process is identifying the importance of communication and a common media with a sense of social responsibility as an intermedium that could contribute towards social integration .
saman devalaye perahera live telecast .
annex 28 .
name mrs labl gunasena .
local programmes not telecast .
4 lunama .
publication of new year panchangam, gopuram, panpadu information books .
whilst preparing a documentary on how could the volunteers direct their contributions towards avoiding the linguistic gap is a part of this programme, the department of official languages has already completed preparing the script of the documentary .
are used to make the signage .
34 deficiencies in contract administration .
iii cultural division .
secretariat mullativu .
special projects conducted to destroy dengue in association with colombo municipal council .
beer, ale, stout wine license for retail sale .
kokkuwil hindu college .
noscholarships to a district .
march 18 20 .
sri wishudharamaya, gampola .
c recovery of loans .
77 days .
when those officers make subsequent claims for the money, such payments are debited to this account .
intangible asset .
04 practical difficulties that emerged in organizing workshops .
the telecast hours of advertisements were 3482h .
entertainment sundry expenses .
15 kinds of books were distributed to 150 schools and public libraries in all islands in order to celebrate the month of reading .
intermediate diploma in national designs .
asia vision unit also played a vital role .
ac 40 .
it secu .
04 rejecting acceptance of loans made by applicants since they were unable to obtain it as they had undergo surgeries suddenly .
surplus as a percentage of the income .
b overtime payments .
gluco six cricket tournament, .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the ayurvedic medical council as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
bilingual facilitation services are being rendered through the national integration promotion coordination officers attached to these offices from the ministry .
wires and wire products .
choose a city .
name mrs v ganeshamoorthy .
official address zonal education office, rathnapura .
the educational project of the ranaviru sewa authority is operative in view of helping the children of war heroes who have died, missing, retired disabled while engaged in action for safeguarding the country and the people, and those who are presently in the services, to continue their education up to their higher education successfully .
children teledrama 01 .
progress of granting self employment loans .
2 to create a team of ranaviru family members with self confidence and make them content .
research on hindu religious culture .
sinhala hindu new year .
specific bad debts write off .
computer training workshop – moratuwa university .
our staff as at 30112009 .
making alter wicks .
graphic material .
government grant .
actions had not been taken in the year under review for the execution of the following activities included under the infrastructure development in the corporate plan for execution in the year 2012 .
sri muthumariyamman temple kumbhabisheka festival, poondulooya .
details of calculations .
124 accounts receivable and payable .
annual report 2010 .
16 conclusion .
balance as at 01012010 .
further, guidelines on obligation management has issued by the treasury through the budget circular no 032014 on 18082014 on guidelines on preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
education programme .
d the above overtime and cargo examination fees had been paid in addition to the monthly salaries, incentives, and rewards paid to the officers .
i register of fixed assets .
special levy treasury .
kreeda visithuru” programme national international sports events was telecasted every week and the dialog kit sports programme as a coproduction with t1 organization was telecasted every tuesday .
smib housing project .
80 government school teachers who are engaged in teaching hindu religion benefitted by the seminar conducted from 15092014 to 17092014 in ratnapura, galle, kegalle, matara, colombo and kaluthara districts .
aug 4 14 .
war heroes who lost their lives including those missing .
these were provided to 79 aranery schools in districts jaffna, batticaloa, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, ratnapura, kaluthara and galle .
short term investment bank of ceylon .
the magazine programmes which were off air for quite some time, recommenced under the theme of “aruma puduma roda hathara” .
superintendent of excise .
revenue of the corporation is accounted for on an accrual basis and interest income on investment is also recognized in the same basis .
for the preparation of paper advertisement .
analysis of expenditure for monitoring of financial as well as physical progress .
a software system has been developed with the assistance from information technology education department of the moratuwa university .
prices of these items vary with the customers requirements and not included to standard product price list .
creating a conducive back ground for family members of war heroes while improving their self confidence, identifying their skills and directing them to courses and assignments with a view to imparting technical and technological knowledge and training to suit their skills and direct them to the income generating process .
license to tap, draw and manufacture fermented, unfermented sweet toddy .
university of vavuniya .
official addresszonal education office,nikaweratiya .
maintain the expenditure within the approved estimates .
rajatha studio .
the details of the parttime language training programmes conducted for public officers in the year 2015 are as follows .
name mr ahms bandara .
agrabodhi temple kanthale kapilawasthu tooth relic taking in procession live telecast .
continuing the purchasing of vehicles for the use of government agencies on financial leasing method with approval of the cabinet of ministers on 30082010, the government has made an attempt to manage the public expenditure efficiently .
hatton zone .
11 purchasing musical instruments for distribution among ranaviru villages .
h western provincial finance statute no 6 of 1990 .
total expenditure surplus deficit .
in 2015, there were two camps held and about 200 youths participated in them .
examinations were conducted for students who completed computer courses and certificates were issued to about 200 students who completed the courses successfully .
programme material foreign .
tracking and evaluation .
sivan aranery school, .
the duties covered during the year 2012 .
name mr mpvn bandara .
akuressa zone .
number of handicrafts products prepared for exhibition .
avurudu udanaya monaragala covering 09 provinces, .
name mr hvs vikirawita .
35 utilization of motor vehicles .
noof published flags .
gathering internal information .
best programme presenter of the year .
motor vehicles .
training of trainers .
1 housing project .
actual no of officers .
developing and analyzing methodologies and regulations .
ferrous castings .
a budget for the year under review had not been prepared .
suhani rath presented with an introductory for hindi songs fans .
150hour sinhalatamil language training programme .
information technologysinhala and english .
circular no .
flower cultivation .
sabaragamuwa provincial center .
d stores control .
two methods are being followed up by commission in implementing these programmes .
rs millions .
name mr mc perera .
upali newspapers .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the commissioner general from time to time .
341 classification .
2 mcr old ceiling removed and new metal ceiling installed .
appropriation account .
gamunu regiment school, diyatalawa .
12 commenting on financial statements .
sanskrit language classes .
through the successful and efficient contribution of the existing small external recording vehicles, 66 recordings and .
823 providing necessary assistance for the ministry of education in relation to the teacher exchange programme senehasaka thaksalawa .
compensation for court cases .
14 12day nonresidential sinhalatamil language training programmes for students who have completed al examination was conducted under the language associations national movement .
unutilized provisions .
cash balance .
director administration .
letters were sent to community secretaries requesting details of ranaviru community accounts .
annual report 2012 .
north western .
the financial statements are presented in sri lankan rupees rounded to the nearest thousand .
selfemployment assistance .
entrepreneurship training programme on sewing for women in selected ds divisions was conducted .
accordingly a 02 week workshop for children’s programs was organized after 20 years and all the staff of children’s unit took part in it .
the provisions for supplimentary support were utilized as follows .
the contribution of correspondents was also a great influence for the production of news and more scope was provided for correspondence at the 1000 pm news and the hourly news .
c subcommittee on the conservation of the medical practice for hos compresses moxibustions which are on the verge of nonexistence .
office furniture .
accordingly, both routine and adhoc on demand reports were compiled to meet requirements .
office of the commissioner of excise .
9 intangible assets .
financial assistance to the bull in naguleswaram temple .
11 stocks .
the interest element of the rental obligations pertaining to each financial year is charged to the income statement over the period of lease .
page 2 .
key divisions and locations .
accordingly, the programmes for which financial assistance was given in 2015 are as follows .
the unit was able to generate additional income as indicated below by organizing and telecasting promotional programs for clients and also from various sponsorships .
the following noncompliances were observed .
february 2014 .
mechanical superintendent .
a treasury circular no 1a1200202 of 28 november 2002 .
designation zonal director of education .
01 close relatives of war heroes died in action .
a a main journal had not been maintained in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles for rectification of accounting errors, adjustments and closing entries .
however, there had not been a policy for social integration in the country and hence the ministry of national languages and social integration stepped forward to formulate the national policy for social integration .
annex 07 .
the muslim programs unit is attached to the production services division .
other financial liabilities .
submission of observations and comments on cabinet memoranda in line with relevant analysis of government expenditure .
agency commission payable .
37 trade receivables .
annex 40 .
executive level .
c to provide or assist in the provision of medical care to .
ac 100 .
095 contractual services .
welipenna sanasa society .
buddhist news, .
profit loss for the year 2012 .
5supplying cash prizes for winners of home gardening contest of mapalagama ranaviru village .
the targeted objective of this programme is granting financial assistance to war heroes and members of the ranviru families who need treatment surgeries due to serious ailments who face financial difficulties as they belong to the low income group .
317 cash flow statement .
financial liabilities .
dehiattakandiya zone .
housing loan .
13 auditor’s responsibility .
the objective of this project is improving technical and technological education and vocational skills of children of war heroes with a view to pave the way for successful employment in future .
32 analytical financial review .
69 training and skills development programmes for the staff of the institute .
dooli pintharu teledrama .
01 islandwide awareness creation programme for general pubic .
building structures .
money is deposited twice a year once in 6 months in respect of beneficiaries covered by the mapiya surekum programme .
director supplies .
table 22 supplementary provisions for capital expenditure .
harf scholaship for technical educational course .
b according to the ayurvedic medical council paper no 141308 3 dated 15 july 2005, practitioners should renew their registration once in five years with effect from 01 january 2006 .
promoting national and international languages proficiency .
707 hindu dharnachariyars have been benefitted .
name mrphrpkumara .
urgent requirements expenditure in 2014 .
designation additional provincial director of education development .
cover of standard sizes, .
a large amount of tax revenue receivable by the government had been deprived of to the government due to the separate computation of the pay as you earn tax and recovering only the relevant amount of that payment in the case of payment of rewards in several instances .
86 no of groups 02 .
11 2 treasury bill interest income .
1 programme 01 .
2 basis of preparation and adoption of sri lanka financial reporting standards ‘slfrs’ .
to commemorate rupavahini’s 30th anniversary .
34 commercial production expenses .
conducted prebudget meetings for selected ministries and other stakeholders with the chairmanship of he the president .
price list of water management equipment .
aneex 09 .
sale of fruits .
3 hanguranketha .
providing transport as requested by news and program recordings, visiting locations and visiting relay centres outside colombo and providing transport for other daily duties of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation are the main functions of this unit .
minimize audit queries .
121 presentation of financial statements .
5 embilipitiya .
23 3 bad debeters .
unlawfully position of heroin .
application form .
03 printed applications were sent to the community, villages, sewa vanitha units and welfare services of security forces and defence academy for obtaining entries .
accrual audit fees .
during the year 2012 this unit has contributed its service in more than 2165 field programmes, over 6750 studio productions and 400 outdoor broadcasting programs .
thaippongal festival .
name mr addmr abeyrathne .
compulsory tamil training programme for national integration coordinators under the programme of bilingual knowledge improvementstage iiv, days 10x06 .
b a decrease of registration of traditional special practitioners had been revealed and it had been 129 in the year 2008, while in the year 2011 it had decreased to 68 and increased to 85 again in the year 2012 .
the evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit .
deputy director .
1 division of registration of ngos and investigation .
12,000 copies of “hindu pnachangam” were published and provided to people, temples and hindu organizations .
foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and equivalents are presented in the statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance income or cost’ .
3 operating review .
nov 23dec 04 .
02 empowerment of physical and mental health .
if not, they are presented as noncurrent liabilities .
318 events after the balance sheet date .
pre qualification application for accreditation of supplies .
325 cultural and religious programmes .
message from the chairman .
ii disabled ranaviru welfare project .
deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements .
land and land development .
books were introduced to the public through the programs ‘dharana’, ‘dina asiriya’ and ‘sagna puwath’ .
telephone directory .
raga maydai, .
interacting with the spending agencies to ensure the effectiveness of spending .
favourable adverse effect .
44 internal audit .
percentage of achievement .
hos compresses moxibustions vidum pilissum .
for instance, we should work within the framework of an appropriate policy .
disable war heroes project operating expenses .
assistance for sanitary facilities 2011 .
06 approach for the year 2011 project budget .
we, the chairman and the members of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation present herewith the annual report for the year 2012, in accordance with section 14 1 of the finance act no 38 of 1971, along with the financial reports .
real economy .
there are two objectives in publishing printed media advertisements .
name mr amf rafeek .
ratnapura zone .
program administration unit .
2012 anniversary pirith mandapaya, .
profit loss .
contract staff .
at the same time the family of such a war hero is enrolled to the ranaviru community project .
g take action to minimize irregularities occurring in ayurvedic conservation councils and to build up a direct relationship with the council .
war situation .
samanthurai zone .
the increase in certain items of expenditure as compared with the preceding year by a sum of had been the main reason for the deterioration of in the financial results .
classical music program .
grinding mill .
see by month .
it had not been registered at the department of inland revenue relating to value added tax whereas tax had not been recovered from the officers and remitted under pay as you earn tax .
4 kegalle .
the officers participating in the classes should continuously attend the classes for 12 days and on completion of the course, certificates are awarded based on the result of a written and oral test .
sinhala news set, .
hindu religious program .
best music programme .
in addition contributions in the form of cash and kind are donated by both local and foreign donors for the implementation of the welfare activities coming under projects of the ranaviru sewa authority .
unlawfully sale and position of cannabis .
see by year .
name ms r anantharani .
diploma in higher national designs .
deputy managertraining .
name mrs rpp abeykoon .
targets achieved as at 31 december 2012 .
purchasing and handing over new vehicles under the financial leasing method and when necessary .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman from time to time .
a donation of three wheelers was made to the disabled war heroes under a joint programme of disabled welfare and concessionary loan project of the ranaviru sewa authority was held under the patronage of his excellency the prime minister and other distinguished guests including the commander of the armed forces, the event was held at the army grounds of galle face green on the 18th of november 2011 .
parttime second languages courses for public officerslevel ilevel iilevel iii .
the following table shows the finance lease obligation that falls due one year more than one year .
namma sunday, .
procurement related information can be obtained either from manager organization or supply engineer .
4 produced a digital satellite news gathering dsng system for the use of satellite linking technology for outside broadcast events and the dsng is being used for outside broadcast events since november 2012 .
table 23 issuance of budget circulars .
replied to the all audit queries 07 forwarded by the department of auditor general .
b to improve the existing house .
c staff loans control .
official quarters of married officers 230,870 .
preparation of 2011 ledger as instructed by the accounts division and categorizing files on a district basis .
deficiencies observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the director general of customs from time to time .
in the past 2 years three 03 cars six 06 vans were obtained on a finance lease, which effectively transfer the corporation substantially all the risk and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased items, are capitalized and disclosed as finance lease at their cash price and depreciated over the period the corporation is expected to benefit from the use of the leased assets .
the introduction of dubbed versions of highquality foreign teledrama series such as “oshin” and “sujatha diyani” proved to be a tremendous success in winning massive audiences as well as securing recordbreaking income figures for the airtime belt of 630 pm, which previously had no market value .
colombo – palali link for video transmission .
under the programme of uploading words in alphabetical order to the website, 5000 words have been identified and computerized .
studios and outdoor telecasts .
b letter no mtr12005 of secretary to the ministry of finance dated 28 march 2003 .
estimated production units .
increased storage capacity for reservoirs .
the current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the provision of inland revenue act no 10 of 2006 subsequent amendments .
the land unit of the ranaviru sewa authority took this situation into consideration making arrangements to provide blocks of land to war heroes and also helped indirectly to find them land for housing .
compilation of the simplified road map document containing the facts to be considered by the other ministries in the preparation of their road maps, is yet another undertaking being carried out with the technical contribution of the national language project .
3deyata kirula .
official address zonal education office, minuwangoda .
lorries trucks .
noncommunicable disease in the south –east region .
programme to promote friendship of kurunegala district community members held on 21042011 .
the programme on “media dialogue to promote coexistence” was conducted with the collaboration of the ministry of mass media and sri lanka media training institute .
budget estimates for 2015 were formulated within the tenyear development framework 20062016 .
the teledrama ‘jewell in the palace’ produced by mbc was obtained by sri lanka rupavahini corporation as a complimentary item under the patronage of korean embassy of sri lanka .
balance at 31 december 2011 .
the corporation generated additional income by entering into sponsorship agreements with various institutions to produce such programs .
salalihini rupa kavya .
twenty workshops were conducted for the students who sat for the grade 5 scholarship in 2012 all over the island with an overall participation of 25,000 students .
121 unreconciled control accounts .
timely submission of observations on cabinet memoranda .
at the end of the programme, the preparation of an approximate action plan for implementation of gender sensitization programmes of their respective institutions took place .
3 to ensure the ownership of a permanent house to each ranaviru family .
salawa ranaviru village .
tax gain loss .
no adjustments have been made for inflationary factors affecting the financial statements .
providing assistance to people in the neighbourhood with regards to their language needs and many other activities .
western province 2 .
3 cost of sales .
providing the services with regards to implementation of the official language policy .
the above awareness programme which was implemented under provisions of the department, was held on 03082015 .
for aranery school students of badulla and batticaloa districts seminars on pannisai was conducted at lunugala on 20122014 .
youth programmes and performing arts unit .
less than 1 year .
the awakening of the lives of the people in northern eastern areas after defeating terrorism, the awakening of tourism and about the places of worship that were isolated for almost 30 years .
project number and name 02 administration and establishment services .
name mrs um shiriyani kulathunga .
in order to find a solution to the problems caused to those learning sinhala or tamil as a second language, a research book was formulated to facilitate them under the name of a “a hand book to write official letters in public service” and it has been given to be printed .
the staff of the authority while working with minimum facilities have set an example by extending their services with dedication to achieve goals .
the treasury recognized an aggregate sum for this instrument during the budget formulation process considering the historical trends in public expenditure and budget deficits and other fiscal targets such as advance provisions to enable to improve favorable fiscal environment in the country .
annex 29 .
classes approved for 2015 .
panampattu talaimannar – kachchatheevu .
in 2015, written test for official languages proficiency level i, ii, iii, iv was held on 31052015 for 75,606 applicants .
rana viru gammana instructors fee .
investment promotion .
the support extended by the staff of the ministry,the institutions affiliated to the ministry and the project officers are also appreciated .
822 providing necessary assistance to determine the linguistic gaps in the selected multiethnic hierarchical geographical locations and key service providing sectors .
05empowerment of provincial centres .
slowmoving projects – reformulation or phasing out of all such projects that have been carried in estimates for several years .
divisional secretariat, monaragala .
gampola zone .
coordinating the financial services, and relevant units and thereby preparing and maintaining positive financial ​information and financial management structure .
alakamandawa – this is a programme, which reveals autobiographies of artists, who have contributed immensely to the field of art .
rehabilitation of puluganawi irrigation scheme .
02 preamble .
coin adjustment .
management of budget 2014 .
fractures dislocation kadum bindum .
member’s remuneration .
official address zonal education office, kothmale .
puttlam district committee meeting on 25072011 .
noof programs .
among those, the current political programmes are considered as major programmes .
3 anamaduwa .
we also remember with gratitude the blessings of his excellency the president, the hon minister of mass media and information, secretary to the ministry and the support of our board of directors .
‘thala’ – channa upuli dancing concert live telecast lotus theatre .
license to manufacture foreign spirits locally .
marketing promotion unit .
achieve excellence in creative content and dissemination of timely and valued, educational, entertaining and informative programmes through dedicated team work and stateoftheart technology to exceed the expectation of sri lankans everywhere .
divisional secretariat uhana .
several projects have been designed to develop the aranery schools and implemented by the department .
soyamu pilithuru .
no 30, school avenue, .
packeting lime .
9allocation of funds .
progress and development assistant .
bocdisable war heroes project .
accurate and timely financial and management reports, generated in accordance with accounting principles and standards and were submitted to other divisions and the board of directors to take informed and responsive decisions .
special unit .
provident fund .
divisional medical development unit–ukuwela .
business profit loss .
training programmes for the staff of the institute .
nearly 1000 interested public participated .
expenditure item expenses .
68residential tamil language training programme for national integration promotion officers .
arulmigu kandasamy aranery school, .
a two day training workshop for computer instructors at the computer centers of the authority scattered through out the island was held at the moratuwa university on 3,4 december 2011 in collaboration with the moratuwa university with full support of the vice chancellor, the dean of the information technology faculty and the staff .
3 land project .
agency commission .
the education services unit has the task of producing formal and non formal educational programs that are helped to improve the knowledge of the children of the nation .
kodei mazlei .
transport news vehicle .
scan converter facilities .
caravan equipment .
identification and training of relevant officers technical committees on preparation of language plans .
the number of letters posted to schools within this year totaled to 709 .
as at 31 december 2011 .
a provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the corporation will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables .
ii separate inventory registers had not been maintained for recording the particulars on assets used by each division of the college .
local programmes workin progress .
5 provision of financial assistance to the war heroes and their immediate families to meet urgent needs .
06102011kankasnathurei women’s army corpscamp .
1196 hindu aranery teachers participated and benefitted .
cooperatives and internal trade .
development of human resources .
development of hindu aranery schools .
maintenance expenses .
some products are made out of stainless steel with better finish .
01 health clinics .
name chamara sampath dasanayake .
33 news programme expenses .
preparing scheme of recruitment .
world children’s day programme set, .
graphics material .
other areas requiring economical water control .
of the recommendations of the lessons learned and reconciliation commission, implementing the appropriate recommendations to implement the language policy .
under this programme, computer based games sinhalatamil including 200 questions related to 10 different fields of the language were produced for improving the knowledge of language in a recreational way and uploaded to the web site .
job description .
research meetings and discussions .
02 members of the police with at least 20 year service record 5 more year service period needed .
auditing of unaudited government institutions located in bilingual administrative divisions .
c construction works .
balance at 01 january 2012 .
the major function of the official languages department is to compile textbooks and other supportive books as a written media for professionals and all those interested in learning official languages .
wellawaya zone .
director educational programme .
money allocated for social and cultural division under 6 budget in 2011 was not used for any work,this division undertook several activities for the achievement of the targets set by the ranaviru sewa authority for them .
p s no 2013279 second instalment – part ii state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
estimated provisions .
e construction control .
officer in charge .
expenditure of the corporation is accounted for on accrual basis, .
every poya day from month of october 2012 .
fixed deposit state mortgage investment progress .
nominated as a best dubbed programme .
the children unit .
there were 10 designers with the centre and a target of a minimum number of 05 designs per month had been set for each designer .
123 accounts receivable .
31 educational programme expenses .
human resource profile .
the debt recovery period had increased from 91 days to 255 days .
ranaviru village society has completed all work of community hall .
6 informed the ranaviru villages to plan programmes to mark national tree planting day .
unlawfully sale of liquor .
further, around 600 officers of government institutions coming under jurisdiction of the northern provincial council, sabaragamuwa provincial council, southern provincial council and north western provincial council have also been educated with regards to the implementation of the official language policy .
air force .
hotel license .
accordingly, the ministry has contributed towards two radio programmes to be broadcast in the sinhala and the tamil languages .
as the mapiya surekum beneficiaries include elderly persons we have to attend often to jobs related to their accounts since most of them do not understand the details regarding the bank accounts though they were repeatedly explained .
gomarankadawala zone .
medical related aids .
in the year 2015, two programmes per district were carried out .
arrangements have been made to make the data base operational in 2012 with the completion of the data survey .
salmal landa teledrama .
action has been taken to revise the syllabuses .
“social integration” youth camps are held annually by the ministry as one of the special programmes in recognition of them as a leading group capable of taking up the future and bringing about a social change .
a standard budget circular was not issued for the preparation of budget estimates for the year 2015 .
dealing with the kirulapone branch of the national savings bank where accounts of all parents of mapiya surekum programme have been opened .
rupavahini volleball .
progress of granting self employment loans services wise .
06setting up of trilingual sign boards at district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
progress review of current projects .
for corrosion prevention marine paints are used .
the self employment target of 40 for 2011 was achieved by the end of year giving financial assistance to 40 beneficiaries .
senior level .
details of nanthi flags .
educational program .
conducted at welikanda, alsepura, maithirugama sri sutharshnarama vihara, polonnaruwa from 31052014 to 01062014 .
5 skills development project .
pasku gee .
from inland revenue other .
conduct budget discussions with relevant ministries .
tamil local tele drama .
live music programme, weekly live telecast .
irrigation and water resources management .
director research training .
name mr alm cassim .
list of names and relevant details were furnished for the uttama puja pranama medals presentation .
divisional secretariat tangalla .
others tractors trailers water bowsers, etc .
at present, the private sector provides various services for general public .
aug 22,23 .
sri lanka national health accounts 2013 .
this program was produced by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation in collaboration with abu, malaysia, under the children’s drama promotion project for the 4th consecutive year and the program “supipi piyum” which was produced by mr suranimala jinendrasinghe was telecast over on nhk channel, in japan on august 2012 .
determination of limits for the commercial, stores and public officer’s advance accounts in consultation with the spending agencies and consideration of the requests for revision of limits .
youth affairs and skills development .
7 dreams, .
in 2011 these projects were implemented under five categories taking into account the similarities of such subjects .
sergeant major .
a section 17of the tobacco tax act, no 8 of 1999 .
though it was expected to grant mapiya surekum to 150 persons only 113 were covered in 2011 since there were no applications from districts .
in terms of the cabinet decision of 31st january 1990, the national budget department grants approval for purchase of vehicles by government institutions all ministries, departments, provincial councils, local authorities and all statutory boards, corporations and government owned companies gocs whether under selffinancing or otherwise, had to obtain the prior approval of the committee for any such purchase .
the objective of this programme is to improve the efficiency of the public service by enhancing the public officers'second language proficiency and facilitate the effective implementation of official language policy .
54 strategic maketing plan .
horana zone .
festival activitis of computer center .
payments on all programme files were made in accordance with applicable regulations and to support programme production and broadcasting .
while this enables people to save time and labour, this also helps them to obtain the nic, the document essential to establish their identity as citizens and thereby get themselves socialized .
“eye shuffle” – western music program, new songs , live telecast .
5 real time video streaming of channel eye channel on important events .
the services of government approved surveyors’ will be obtained to finalise the survey of these lands .
the network of correspondents has also become stronger than before .
expenses for elections presidential .
purchase of copyproductiontv right .
314 – 1 local grants .
stamp duty .
other receipt .
promotion of hindu culture and arts .
eight items of accounts .
deputy director general engineering .
last update .
preserving hindu religious tamil culture .
written requests or inquiries are to be addressed to factory engineer either with specifications and drawings or specific user needs, requirements and finishes etc .
2 walpane .
advance to suppliers – local purchase institute .
annex 21 .
designation cheif accountant .
62 12 day nonresidential tamil language training courses for public officers .
national security and law enforcement .
accumulated profit loss .
focusing on this objective, institutional heads representing various sectors have been educated by the language division with regard to implementation of the official language policy .
10062011 at nagoda family care hospital ,nagoda for kalutara district community members during the national ranaviru month .
the target for granting self employment loans in 2011 was 25 and loans had been issued to 19 persons by the end of the year .
2 no of installments .
camera lenses fault repairs .
the following indicates the airtime that sri lanka rupavahini corporation channels were telecasted during the year 2012 .
using sinhala, tamil and english in all the activities carried out in the school, conducting trilingual competitions and awarding prizes and certificates to the winners, .
deficiencies in systems and control observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the centre from time to time .
similarly, time has been allocated in the primary and secondary channels for tamil news .
a the following item of expenditure for the year under review as compared with the expenditure for the preceding year had increased unusually .
more than that manufacturing of official signs, remembaral name boards and official signs are manufactured .
march 08,09 .
“rise shine variety program, live telecast daily .
selection of 15 survey conductors by each provincial officers and training them .
our vission .
name mrs akp fernando .
we are pleased to state that we will continue our task of creating a better living condition that care for the dignity of ranaviru community of the nation who have completed a very difficult but a responsible task with dedication that protected the supreme liberty, sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity of sri lanka and have ensured the protection and security of all communities while setting an example to other countries .
smib fixed deposit state mortgage investment bank .
1paid for purchasing tools and seeds for the home gardening programme of nawagampura ranaviru village .
the directors confirm that in preparing the financial statements of the corporation, appropriate accounting policies and standards have been selected, consistently applied and supported by responsible and prudent judgments and estimates .
sinhala, tamil and english and foreign language courses are being conducted in a language laboratory equipped with modern technology for those interested in following national and international languages on halfyearly study courses .
foreign affairs .
07 ranaviru children’s skills evaluation programme .
district hospitalmatale .
08 foreign funded projects under the ministry .
saturday, 26 august 2017 .
d making arrangements with relevant institutions for the distribution of land among war heroes .
independence square, .
name mr k fazeel .
out of the examination fees recovered from the parties who clear the goods for the deployment of customs officers outside the normal places of work on examination duty, 50 percent is credited to the customs cargo examination fees fund and that money is utilized for the payment of allowances .
a language plan was prepared in line with the proposal received accordingly, departmental name boards, notice boards were prepared as proposed in the language plan and displayed in all three languages .
accordingly,144 classes were commenced in 2015 for 5598 participants .
translation fees .
each of the units of the finance division discharged its duties during the year 2012 efficiently, effectively and economically to bring about the optimum returns to the corporation .
community id card .
rupavahini state award ceremony and sumathi teleawards ceremony .
table 4 – the sundry debtors provision as at 31122012 .
as at 31 december 2012 .
foreign employment promotion and welfare .
approximately 507 senior citizens were benefited by this programme in 2015 .
the vicechancellor informed the audit that sri lanka army had agreed for the write off of this amount .
the objectives of these programmes are to teach the second language to the public officers for the purpose of implementation of the official language policy and to produce a pool of teachers capable of providing knowledge to the general public to acquire language proficiency,through the national movement of language associations .
hire of equipment transport .
employee advances constitute amounts under the following categories .
sumathi newspapers .
legal evidence title deeds, vesting documents, gazette notifications .
implementation of provisions of the hindu cultural fund act .
table 11 .
annex 43 .
glossaries related to the army, navy and airforce .
annex 02 .
community account opening .
4 intangible asset .
developing 04 identified divisional secretariats as innovative model centres .
maho zone .
seminars and workshops for aranery school teachers .
no of scholarships ceased .
progress during the year .
disabled and retired war heroes .
repairs to steel and wooden roofs .
4 mallawapitiya .
discussion programme, weekly live telecast .
responding to the messages received through software .
a quiz program titled “dhamma gaveshi” aiming to enhance the dhamma knowledge of students attending dhamma schools around the island ended in december .
jana niyamuwano programme .
an adequate course of action had been launched with the national crafts council to bring all these designs for use by the craftsmen .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the general sir john kotalawala defence university as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
granting loans for self employment .
advance deposits .
advance to suppliers – for programme production .
taxable income .
transformation of 04 government offices into innovative model centers is a programme commenced by the language division from this year .
cultural sevakka .
girihada raja maha viharaya, ambalantota .
05 4 jayaviru lottery income .
psychosocial project operating expenses .
from this amount 60143 hours were used for programs while 12695 hours of airtime was used to telecast advertisements .
b financial regulation 371 5 .
more than 1270 schools children were benefited .
around 1000 police officers including high ranking officers of 78 police stations in rathnapura, kegalle, nuwaraeliya and badulla districts have participated in these programmes .
the carrying amount of replaced parts, are derecognized .
two advertisements, depicting the message of importance of language rights and the official languages policy, together with greetings have been published in 2015 .
employee loans constitute amounts granted to eligible employees under the following .
initial coordination was arranged but it was decided to implement in 2012 due to a decision of the restructuring programme structure as instructed by the chairperson .
provide funds and reduce unforeseen expenditure .
therefore, reasons for rejection of applications which were rejected had not been subjected to evaluation according to the proper internal control procedure .
payments to news readers editors .
thaippongal celebration was arranged by the department and celebrated in jaffna navalar manimandapam, vavuniya, kilinochchi, kaluthara, colombo, nuwara eliya, puttalam, trincomalee and batticaloa districts on 20140114 .
product development is always encouraged and our engineers are ready for meeting customer needs in the health sector .
specimen application form for unskilled labourers .
hand book of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans at ministry and department level .
the new chairman and the members have been appointed with effect from 05th august 2014 .
activities related to statutory agencies non – commercial public institutions .
commissioners of excise .
the institute of charted accountants of sri lanka issued a new volume of sri lanka accounting standards ‘slfrs’ and to require enterprises to apply these standards effective for years beginning on or after 1 january 2012 .
nandhi flag is printed and issued to hindu temples and other religious organizations by this department annually .
the actual production units had been 3,112,050 or 33 per cent of the estimated production .
02 projects for the provision of material resources on a priority basis required for war heroes and their families to reach a higher living standard socially .
01 members of the armed services with at least 12 year service record 5 more year service period needed .
this book contains research article related to hindu religion, history of hindu religion, philosophy, traditions, and hindu religious leaders, books, temples and fastings .
dawase paththara, .
07promotion of national languages through mass media .
cobe sarisara .
manufacture bag .
supply engineer .
2 education scholarships .
in responding to any complaints received conducting self investigations and also taking remedial action as provided for by the provisions of this act .
furniture and fittings .
deputy manager .
this is in addition the welfare services that have been implemented for the benefit of the present war heroes in the services .
vocational training authority briefed the youths participated in the camp on the trainings available through vocational guidance service and also took action to provide them with employment opportunities .
sales of programme material .
works manager .
acquired or produced local programmes other than local teledramas and films .
creditors s jayathilake .
haburugala community center .
increase of income from fixed deposits .
director engineering .
oct 23 nov 03 .
121 religious lectures have been conducted up to now in 14 districts namely jaffna, puttalam, batticaloa, ratnapura, matala, kandy, ampara, badulla, colombo, nuwara eliya, mullaitivu, kilinochchi, kaluthara and galle .
this jib crane system was repaired and modified by retired cameraman working in camera unit .
61 parttime training courses for public officers .
reflecting upon the implementation of the official language policy .
zonal education office, horana .
poson celebration .
abhimansala suwa sewa nikethana,anuradhapura .
the target for the year has achieved .
land and buildings comprise transmission stations and head officers .
1500 copies of the book and 3000 cds containing the guidelines of hand book have been produced .
as per the agreement between france’s cfi institute and the sri lanka rupavahini corporation, it was initially scheduled to provide expertise only for 02 workshops .
amount of expenditure for donor funded scholarships .
increase in salaries and wages .
reference to laws, rules, regulations etc .
in 2015, steps were taken to conduct examinations for 11 external institutions .
programme on prevention of gender based violence .
to download slida training application form .
33 property, plant and equipment .
establishing a board of trained personnel to continue language studies .
kebithigollewa zone .
i certify that i will attend continuously to the selected course and that i do not have any judiciary or obligatory duties during those days .
755 am to 555 pm – hourly news local and international .
dividend declared to government 5 .
classes completed as at 31122015 .
accordingly, around 2232 participants were trained under the programme through about 30 language training programmes covering the entire island .
lunch time music .
special studio preparation for olympic in studio .
parahettiyagama ranaviru village .
name mrs rms wasantha .
03112011trincomalee navy camp .
droping wattha land .
spiritual leadership training for hindu youths .
senior lecturer .
2 kekirawa .
the planning division is one of the main divisions of the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
sale of magazine .
duty officersengineering fees .
to ensure that the war hero and his family members are well placed in the society in a strong position both mentally and economically through measures for averting transport difficulties he faces due to becoming disabled and easing transport means of their family members and providing opportunities for them to contribute for the development of the liberated country, .
name of the land .
payment of village instructor’s allowance .
painting competition for school children and awareness programme on language policysocial integration .
825 participating in community activities to promote social cohesion and to maintain a sustainable coordination with empowered women leaders, through meetings and lectures at district level based on needs .
designation provincial director of education sv .
new year greeting cards .
gulley grating frame .
as an initial step, this programme covering ranaviru children who have shown remarkable results, is carried out in collaboration with the national savings bank, a leading state bank in the saving sector .
dismantled and installed the gates at new position .
the three forces and the police conducted the traditional honor of guard the hon prime minister hon speaker religious dignitaries, parliamentarians, governors, chief ministers of provinces, secretary to h,e, the president secretary defence and government officials, joint chief of satff, commanders of the three forces, inspector general of police, heads of government institutions, members of the diplomatic corp, defense attaches of embassies, close relatives of he dead and missing war heroes and disabled war heroes were also present at this function .
sri jayawardana pura .
deputy director general programmes .
official address zonal education office, kalutara .
the main objective of this is the preparation of the list of names of the recipients of the uttama puja medals on district basis to be gazetted .
the objective of the programme is enhancing the efficiency of the public service by improving the second language competency of the public officers .
bunka awards, .
keeping pace with rapid technological advances in the field is an imperative .
name mr n sirisena .
an acnowledgement confirming the receipt of money and a letter thanking for providing the funds were sent to each donor .
percentage decrease increase .
bharathiyar aranery school, .
the main reason for the popularity of the ‘nana mihira paper sets’ was that airing the nana mihira programme coincide with the gr 5 scholarship .
the target for the year has been achieved .
a significant programme called ‘rividina arunella’ was produced with the national objective of motivating the community to the field of agriculture and was launched as a web cast .
at present, this department functions under the ministry of resettlement, reconstruction and hindu religious affairs .
contributing towards the language road map of the ministry .
55 audit committee .
medil programme .
similarly, letters equivalent to sinhalatamil languages are being translated .
carrying out special investigations whenever necessary .
providing training and technology for development of designs .
confirmation of balances .
number of general public participated .
administration of hindu culture centre, batticaloa .
programme to promote friendship of gampaha district community members held on 22042011 .
conducting research and seminars on language usage and technology .
livestock and rural community development .
programmes implemented by official languages commission in 2015 .
most of computer maintenance jobs of these computer centers were done using the knowledge and skills of the project without bearing additional costs .
7 taxation .
million due to cost escalations and delays .
since this programme was initiated in 2012, up to now a total of 2,428 language associations have been established island wide .
b section 521 of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
advance to artistes .
having reviewed the corporation’s future financial projections, cash flows and current performance, the directors consider that the corporation has adequate resources to continue operations and the directors have thus adopted a going concern basis in preparing financial statements .
electricity – head office 75 .
the progress of awarding saving investment scholarships to ranaviru children in 2011 .
number of applications issued in 2011 .
capital and reserves .
cash and cash equivalents consists of cash in hand and bank current account balance .
2 to purchase air tickets to participate in 1st volleyball tournament of the disabled played while being seated held in beijing china .
for this purpose, training was provided to 04 officers of the department .
new payments for 2011 .
human resources strength .
preresearch workshop on teaching lessons in the sinhala textbook leveliv .
preserving hindu religious practices for sustaining and developing hindu religion and culture .
heads of relevant institutions will report the commission with regard to implementation of these recommendations .
number of audit reports submitted 10 .
sri murugan aranery school .
table 41 vehicles approved by the department of national budget by vehicle type, in 2014 .
wednesday, 30 august 2017 .
medical relief loan programme .
youth service center monaragala .
training related information can be obtained from training engineer .
52 action plan .
the questionnaire has been finalized adding whole information related to socioeconomic information of the ranaviru community .
sooriyagahawela koragahawela land .
internal management of the department of national budget .
gusi peace award .
name mrkajith thushara .
39 trade payables liabilities .
5presentation of uttamapuja pranama medals .
055 housing project .
deputy factory engineer .
best teledrama director .
even though popularisation of new designs through the new showroom of the centre had been the main objective according to the action plan, the said objective could not be achieved as the showroom had been closed down in the year under review .
02 shortterm training programmes for governmentsemigovernment institutions .
p s no 2014321 second instalment – part xii state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
approved no of employees .
debt service payment .
computer certificate .
coordinated the community meetings that were held at the divisional secretariats by the provincial officers .
the responsibility is to prevent pilling up documents unnecessarily in the respective units and divisions .
yali pibidee single episode teledrama .
those standards require that i comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements an audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements .
educational programmes .
42 corporate plan‍ .
issuance of letters to the ministries, with the relevant guidelines on preparation of budget estimate .
the major responsibility that was entrusted with the department was the formulation of 04 textbooks both in sinhala and tamil languages in simple style to be used easily with the view to providing facilities to learn the second language for public officers as per 82arecommendations under the implementation of recommendations made by the committee appointed by the cabinet of ministers on the language proficiency of public officers .
gov health institutions .
nawagampura ranaviru village .
walapone zone .
a healthier nation that contributes to its economic, social, mental and spiritual development .
“sunday spice” – variety program on meeting artists .
further, despite having decided to charge a registration fee for same, it had not been done even by 31 december 2012 .
32 general programme expenses .
a bodaragama .
this 12day short term language training programme can be identified as a unique effort of the institute to cultivate humane and procoexistence feelings in public officers and thereby to bring about cultural and social integration .
13 seminars for final exam for aranery teachers have been conducted .
contact us .
christmas songs .
registration fee – tv dealers .
best supporting actor .
name mr mg nihal .
a three external parties had filed three cases in courts against the university by claiming ownership to the properties of the university .
government hospitals .
making arrangements for the cancellation of dead parents’ accounts .
the task of compiling textbooks during the year 2015 was finalized and 10,000 copies of textbooklevel iv sinhala and tamil,30,000 copies of textbook– level iiisinhala and tamil, 40,000 copies of textbooklevel ii sinhala and tamil ,10,000 copies of textbook level1 have been handed over for printing .
colombo zone .
distribution expenses .
furthermore, a methodology to follow up on the number of designs popularised among the craftsmen and the number of designs which had been favoured by the craftsmen had not been identified .
name mrs g partheepan .
no8 and 1l 0f ac 40 r02 p28 1871 of kadagatha wewa .
to recommend principles of policy related to the use of the official languages and to monitor and supervise compliance with the provisions contained in chapter iv of the constitution .
health statistics .
the production and supervision of religious programs was assigned to general programmes division from june 2012 .
creditors control .
097 housing project .
16 august 2017 .
these equipments will give the corporation the editing to create 2d 3d animations .
assessable income .
best educational programme .
rent, rates taxes .
annex 03 .
progress of granting self employment loans district wise .
conducting language courses .
expected target for the year 2012 .
buildings 6,388,934 .
payments to officers .
providing provisions for projects proposed by the language associations in relation to promotion of official languages and social coexistence .
08 making provisions for the special projects related to social integration week .
special prgrammes .
abu training expenses .
1 january 2011 .
7 to engage the disabled war heroes to work with self confidence .
name mr t jhon qwintus .
093 supplies expenses .
a better investment plan was implemented for this .
pannisai classes are conducted at district level every year to encourage the talent of aranrery school students in pannasai .
31 transactions of contentious nature .
national ranaviru day expenses .
employees work on contract basis .
matale district committee meeting on 19072011 .
to reach the expected heist in performances of an institution will depend on the parallel functioning of namely three areas of functions of the institution, the team and its personnel who make arrangements to make the functions a reality .
department expects to follow the regulations perfectly as administration of the hindu temples will be regularized in a limit and to achieve the purpose of appointing temple administrative board .
commencement of the process of facilitation of language plans in district and divisional secretariats .
increase of income from the treasury bills .
total amount .
official tours and head of states event coverage .
noncompliances observed are given below .
procurement guidelines 2006 .
medical aid for disabled and sick war heroes and children of war heroes .
310 current and deferred income tax .
b nation building tax act no 9 of 2009 .
c categorization of medical practitioners based on existing professional qualifications .
17 retirement benefit obligation .
local – external training programs .
total number of employees of the corporation as at 31st december 2012 was 1006 .
accrual over time holyday pay .
name mrmwwejerathna .
b the criteria adopted in deciding on the price per film purchased by the corporation under the contra agreements had not been furnished to audit as such those could not be satisfactorily vouched .
feedback and monitoring programmes for resource persons .
baddegama wimalawansa thero mawatha, .
all major financial decisions were subjected to several reviews and the resulting conclusions formed the basis of the legal and authorized decisions made for the corporation .
only for january month .
preparation of detailed printed estimates .
districts where the land observation was made are as follows .
minimum limit of receipts .
buddhist news – poya day – telecasting islandwide buddhist news .
scholarships initiated with the authority’s funding .
providing foreign news for hourly news telecast and main news is the main role of them as well .
electroplating techniques has also been used for better finish of some products .
visit previous website .
treasury miscellaneous vote tmv .
desiwattha akmeemana .
among the tools that have been employed for prudent public expenditure management by the treasury, the supplementary support services and contingent liabilities treasury miscellaneous vote tmv was one of the main instruments to prevent supplementary budget to manage various unforeseen urgent requirements during the year .
the budgeted balance sheet, the budgeted income and expenditure statement, and the budgeted cash flow statement had not been included in the budget prepared for the year under review .
a three wheeler motor vehicles condemned had been left parked since 17 december 2011 .
at a time when there is challenging competition among the rival television stations to capture the highest possible viewership it is very important to produce quality programs in order to increase the revenue the research and training unit is responsible for providing the training required to develop the corporation’s human resources and technological abilities .
all the property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation .
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any movable or immovable asset and maintaining, leasing or renting or selling, mortgaging or otherwise dealing with .
name ms amp nilanthi .
review implementation of budget 2014 .
cannot be calculated .
budget 1 community cluster programmes .
foreign funded projects under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
manager for hindu pilgrimage guest house .
the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account, and the amount of the loss is recognized in the statement of comprehensive income within distribution cost .
base hospitalrikillagaskada .
thus, the radio programme “palamapalam bridge was broadcast on the commercial service of the sri lanka broadcasting corporation and the thendral fm from january 2015 to september 2015 .
10to make war heroes who have protected the freedom independence and territorial integrity of the motherland at the cost of their lives or limbs or missing, immortal in the chronicle of sri lanka .
222 finance leases payable noncurrent portion .
special housing loan scheme state mortgage investment bank .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the defence services command and staff college from time to time .
ranaviru celebrations were held at the regional and provincial levels through out the island recollecting the dignity of the war heroes and to remind the people that the war heroes are a respectable group in the society the regional and provincial level ceremonies resulted in reaffirming the ranaviru families as heroic families with dignity .
staff notices .
complaint form .
child development and women's affairs .
2012 anniversary programme, .
minneriya super cross, .
ii land project .
this money is meant for the education of the children concerned and not for the enhancement of the family income .
web mail .
feb 0608 .
islands zone .
conducted at mahadeva achchirama, kilinochchi from 04102014 to 05102014 .
supplied furniture to 2d 3d animation studio .
transport unit .
audit report .
the marketing programs production unit continued to produce the popular lotteries program, “hiru wiyana”, and other promotional programs for its clients while producing trailers and commercial tagging in order to give publicity for programs .
this unit consists of an assistant director, 02 producers, 01 production assistant and a typist clerk .
437 pannisai classes have been conducted in kaluthara, jaffna, batticaloa and badulla districts .
building of a healthy society in sri lanka, which is free from illicit liquor and narcotics drugs .
divisional secretariat devinuwara .
health clinics held in 2011 .
with effect from 18th of january 2015, the institute had been functioning under the ministry of public administration, provincial councils and democratic governance .
34 financial instruments .
c value added tax act no 14 of 2002 .
6 preventing activities detrimental to the ranaviru name .
they are, pidurutalagala, deniyaya, sooriyakanda, hanthana, primrose, kirimatiyakanda, namunukula, palali, padagala, hingulakanda, kokavil, bambalapitiya and torrington transmission station .
the social welfare fund is an integrated part of statement of financial position .
annual report 2006 .
petroleum industries .
3 no of installments .
as in the previous years, studio 1, studio 2, studio 3 and rajatha outdoor studio were facilitated to produce variety of programmes in both live telecasts and recordings deputy director engineer studios and outside broadcasting is responsible for the management, operations, maintenance and developments of studios under the direction of ddg e .
in addition to that, 5000 legal documentation folders with details were printed and distributed among all the families each in kiriella divisional secretariat to keep their legal documents safely .
unlawfully sale of heroin .
312people’s movement for bilingual action programme .
1 purchasing prizes for preschools .
work with external institution1 .
seminar on pannisai kaluthara .
pattam poochigal, .
2supplying plants and seeds for home gardening programme of the walbotale ranaviru village .
basic courses on translation residential 10 days .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the council from time to time .
the objective of establishing language circles in schools is to direct the student society towards the aim of generating one sri lankan nation twined by bilingualism, to generate the attitudes and interest in student society towards using trilingual usage and to effect trilingual usage in all audible, visual, readable things in the school and also to develop the ability to convert the future society into a trilingual society .
2 provision of material resources on a priority basis required for war heroes and their families to reach a higher living standard socially .
an instructor is paid of rs, 4000 per month as an encouragement .
at the local level facilitation project on social transformation and integration conducts its activities in 5 pilot districts namely ampara, badulla, galle, mullaitivu and puttlam in collaboration with the provincial councils, district secretariats, divisional secretariats and pradeshiya sabha offices and selected communitybased organizations .
i conducted my audit in accordance with sri lanka auditing standards .
boyagane motor cross, .
in accordance with the provisions of the circular no042014 to implement the official languages policy in universities, a university student has the right to follow his higher education in the language of his basic education .
the unit organized a clinic to distribute spectacles among the staff free of charge .
pattam poochchikal .
year 2012 .
“kalabhushana” award .
dharmasariyar residential seminar, colombo .
service level .
kunkuma pottu popular tamil chart show .
a the evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit .
organizing programmes to exchange cultural and social friendship with fellowship schools which follow other mediums of instruction, .
the cadre of the internal audit unit of the corporation comprised a permanent internal auditor and 06 other staff .
fire and all other risk insurance .
the assistant director and the 14 staff of makeup unit have provided tremendous service for the above programmes including daily lottery programs .
sunday ayubowan 09 sets, .
as per the articles 18 and 19 of chapter iv of the constitution, department of official languages, as the facilitator for effective implementation of official language policy, is engaged in providing translations to the government in all three languages, enhancing the language competence of public officers, compiling glossaries and preparing textbooks and dictionaries .
7 funding for construction of community halls .
in year 2012 provincial council election was held in east, north central and sabaragamuwa provinces .
a to provide for the after care and rehabilitation of members of the armed forces and the police force who have become disabled in action .
name mrs agsp wijerathne .
2 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the digana rajawella ranaviru village .
how to get work and services, products, training, procurement, payments, and expenditure of customer jobs related information? .
the best dubbing programme .
service charges .
presently the poder coating is done only for the steel products .
promoting social integration through education and innovation .
conducting language proficiency and efficiency bar examinations for the staff of external institutions .
children’s day .
fiftyfour correspondents were recruited in the year 2012 by way of a threesession interview .
while the objective of this programme is to deliver an efficient and a cordial service to the general public, the total cost of this programme was borne by the ministry of health .
with the intention to elevate health programs, a magazine program was commenced under the theme of “ayubowewa” .
name mr jayathissa block .
01 close relatives of war heroes who had died in action .
state mortgage investment bank housing loan fund .
13102011 – shilpa shalika hall,kuliyapitiya .
04 youth camps per year are organized and there are facilities for about 100150 males and females around the age of 1830 representing sinhala, tamil and muslim nationalities to take part in a camp .
financial progress .
new training programs .
annex 45 .
annex 49 .
3 summary of significant accounting policies .
it has been decided to publish a manual consisting historical specialities of famous hindu temples in sri lanka for the benefits of local and foreign devotees .
coordinating the implementation of the activities in relation to the pilot projects identified by the ministry .
abu awards festival .
katugastota zone .
net cash used ingenerated from operating activities .
maximum limit of expenditure .
3 facilitation and service providing division .
a sri lankan nation strengthened by diversity, with reestablished coexistence and nourished cultural identities of all communities .
current ratio .
department arranges research related to hindu religion annually with this year research on the heading of “thiruvathavurarum saivaththirunerium” was conducted from last 18th july to 20th july at saraswathy mandapam, bamblapitiya .
cultural officer .
submitted the following reports on time .
central province .
lease payments are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the outstanding balance of the liability .
250 public in vavuniya, 175 public in kilinochchi and 175 public in mullaitivu including al students and teachers participated in these seminars .
program presentation unit .
092 traveling expenses .
a the following items installed in the building no 3 of the building of the faculty of medicine had been rusted before the expiry of one year since the use of the building .
under this project, financial assistance is given to the ranaviru families of those dead, missing, retired with disability and those who die or become disabled while in service due to causes outside the operations, to begin a self employment or to improve an existing one .
“rise shine” programme .
a client debtors .
teaching hospitalperadeniya .
table 3 issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
6 musical programmes .
the reasons mainly attributed for the increase of the financial results are given below .
power and energy .
v investments – lanka puwath .
disable war heroes project nsb .
4 ranaviru remembrance project .
local programme nottelecast .
health posters .
313 action plan and the progress of the year 2012 .
the production services division consists of 11 units .
the seminars and workshops are being conducted in the districts to regularize the teaching method of aranery school teachers, explain the concept of the syllabus and conduct practicals for the students .
artistes fee payable cancelled cheques .
conducted at kallady hindu culture centre, batticaloa from 03052014 to 04052014 .
lay down new drain lines for each split ac units around the buildings due to request by anti dengue campaign .
no of blocks for distribution .
311 contingent liabilities .
zonal education office, jaffna islands, velanai .
making arrangements through salary and record division to get updated lists of names of parents who receive 25 of the salary and the cancellation the mapiya surekum accounts of parents who receive the salary .
tender deposits refundable .
women leaders, trained by the empowerment of women programme conducted in 2014, initiated this programme with the assistance of social integration officers of provincial office in killinochchi .
number of applications issued in 2011 20 .
defence services command and staff college 2012 .
registration of practitioners in each year for the past five years is given below .
other special programs .
ranga bhumi .
grant for capital items .
14 government institutions identified by the government in 2015 were futher empowered as innovative model centres implementing official language policy .
appropriation act no 41 of 2014 was certified by the hon speaker on 24 11 2014 .
07 dharmachariyar residential seminars have been conducted .
rental for fiber optic link .
sri lanka .
the follow up language audits conducted in 2015 are as follows .
sri lanka investment business promotional seminar .
hrm system .
repaired the drains of studio complex .
concluding ceremony of the national language project .
in 2012 this unit directly provided its service to several special tasks .
administration and establishment services as at 31122015 .
current affairs unit consists of two main sections .
annex 33 .
annex 46 .
yasa isuru teledrama .
tertiary level .
51 preparation of financial statements .
designation provincial secretary of education .
organisation works .
three officers were trained overseas while four officers were trained locally on programmes related to activities of the nbd .
14 basis for qualified audit opinion my opinion is qualified based on the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report .
financial administration of the department .
set and props unit .
2the institutional structure of institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
it was telecast on every sunday from 1030 am to 1100 am .
sub programmes operative under this project .
name mr wps wijesinghe .
scarcity of raw material .
vi workinprogress .
transmission unit .
11 1 reposfund management interest income .
obtaining progress reports on the work the old housing aid recipients who have completed the installments .
the cash flow statement has been prepared using the indirect method .
progress of granting village housing loans graphics for year 2011 .
establishing and maintaining a sound financial accounting structure including finance management .
lists of districts of kandy,puttalam, polonnaruwa, colombo, kalutara, gampaha, batticloa, trincomalee, badulla, kegalle, anuradhapura, kunuragala, hambantota and nuwaraeliya are available .
the ministry was introduced the innovative model centres expansion programme aimed at extending the concept of innovative model centres to the other government institutions as well .
ceylon ceramics corporation 2012 .
initial training programme meant for national integration coordinators .
participation in the discussion held in anuradhapura regarding the deyata kirula exhibition 2012 deyata kirula .
at present, this institute is functioning at no40, buthgamuwa road, rajagiriya .
a register of fixed assets had not been maintained for the assets purchased under the excise reward fund .
financial assistance has been granted in the following manner .
expenditure heading 5 financial assistance in emergencies .
i members of the armed forces and police force who have become disabled inaction and .
transfer fees .
participation of staff of director boards and committees representing treasury department of national budget .
the first programme of the “senehasakla thaksalawa” programmes was conducted for eighty 80 teachers belonging to in five05 educational zones in anuradhapura .
ranaviru common welfare activities .
select district .
name mrymrathnayake .
creating a conducive environment for national and international communities civil societies to contribute towards developmental activities voluntarily for the betterment of affected parties .
repairs of motor vehicles .
item of income expenditure .
asstdirector ministry of education .
focusing attention on capturing a large number of viewers, this unit produced many entertainment and single episode teledramas on varied themes and whilst producing these teledramas the unit maintained high standards from the inception of teledrama production and this is considered as a great achievement .
see by week .
lease creditor – bank of ceylon .
one ranaviru remembrance programmes was conducted with outside institutions .
fabrication installation of 04 nos radial gates to kankaniyar kulam for peace project .
payment of installments to 16 beneficiaries was completed .
conducting audit and management committees .
59 employees are attached to this unit which is managed by two transport officers .
a financial regulations of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka and public enterprises circular ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
these are made out of mild steel sheets, rods, angles, galvanized iron pipe, and cast iron using casting, welding, and metal fabrication processes .
4 administration division .
all programmes of the ranaviru sewa authority are operative at the provincial level and that process is based on the relationship between the provincial officers and the ranaviru community .
equipments needed for disabled war heroes such as artificial feet, hand aid, wheel chairs, hearing aid, crutches, water beds are distributed with the support of local and foreign donors as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face due their disability status .
educating the staff on entire methodology .
7 ranaviru remembrance programmes with outside institutions .
thirukkovil zone .
provision of additional funds for unforeseen expenditure and submission of supplementary estimates to parliament .
the responsibility is to provide opportunity to the staff members to carry out daily activities without any interruption as they are free from unnecessary obstacles .
procurement examination of bidding document quataion form .
reinforcing steel .
insurance corporation medical scheme .
there are about 30 odd steel items in the standard product list, variety of beds, trolleys, cupboards, wheel chairs, baby cots, and various types of stands etc .
1 general information .
emergency care manual guidelines .
09 special projects implemented in 2011 .
051 receivable interest income .
performance report for the year 2014 .
cast iron sluice gates are of circular opening ranging from 6 inches to 30 inches, in three inches intervals and used to regulate water levels in cannels .
aid for studies courses .
01names of 210 war heroes who qualified at the interviews were sent to the madurawela divisional secretariat for distribution land from nagahakanda estate in madurawela .
in these 3 days event, every day 200 public including university students, school students and interested public on hindu religion participated and benefitted .
the budgetary operations 2014 were managed within the expenditure ceilings approved by parliament while ensuring achieving the targets of the medium term expenditure framework 20142016 .
nominated programmes at awards ceremonies .
30th anniversary .
exchange losses .
name mr a vijayananthamoorthy .
there are a lot of unique reasons for the emergence of the ranaviru sewa authority when one looks into its functions .
purchase of tele drama .
name mrnkbagnarasinghe .
with effect from 21st september 2015,the institute has been functioning under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogues and official languages .
submission of observations on cabinet memoranda .
nallur annual theru celebration .
nawam perahera .
socioeconomic development through an efficient management of public resources .
special projects carried out in 2012 .
15 deyata kirula .
02 financial review .
provision for fine on gratuity .
of which the health sector is special .
number of new design training programmes .
i believe that the audit evidence i have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified audit opinion .
f the total hire charges paid during the year 2012 for a motor vehicle obtained on the basis of paying monthly hire charges without following proper procurement procedure amounted .
best presenter .
this programme depicts the attempts by the aboriginal people to sustain their traditional life style once again and the way they have got used to the modern society and the country’s war .
official address zonal education office, wattegama .
both sinhala and english languages were made official languages of sri lanka while english language was named the link language as per 13th and 16th amendments to the constitution of sri lanka enacted in 1987 and 1988 respectively .
2 national ranaviru remembrance day .
our services .
equipments for ntv .
123 lack of evidence for audit .
accordingly, the budget 2015 targeted the strategies to raise per capita income and transforming sri lanka to poverty free country by 2016 .
the department functions as the focal point for the formulation of budget estimates based on a sector wise medium term expenditure framework mtef in consistence with the overall medium term macroeconomic framework .
the following members are the members for 2014 .
old road, .
break down of beneficiaries who gained help through the linkages 2011 .
postgraduate degree economics .
under this programme, process of facilitation has been started by the provincial centres to develope kuruwita and rathnapura divisional secretariats and karachchi and punagari divisional secretariats as innovative model centres .
provision of suitable land for housing and living .
divisional secretariat kalutara .
ie conducting common awareness creation programmes and conducting awareness creation programmes for identified groups of public officers .
other notes .
these mobile services were carried out covering especially the northern and eastern provinces, plantation regions and backward areas .
boc concessionary loan project .
land is not depreciated .
tuesday, 01 august 2017 .
however, the government was able to limit the actual expenditure to 1370 billion, slightly lower than the original estimated 14708 billion .
under this programme, 02 needs assessment workshops were conducted to identify the needs in providing technical training relevant to the preparation of language plans of the government institutions .
further details and clarifications could be obtained either from marketing manager or works manager or from assistant works managers .
the value of 13 motor vehicles currently in use by the corporation had not been included in the register of fixed assets as well as the financial statements .
following the programme, it was decided that the future activities should be carried forward by the commission .
name mrk mrukawel .
iniya vasamtham programme, batticaloa .
up to 2014 december 31 .
this exhibition was extremely useful to enlighten the public about the welfare services and other programmes undertaken by the authority for the benefit of ranaviru community .
news division .
valikamam zone .
the details of the 12day non residential language training programmes conducted for public officers are as follows .
revenue is measured at the value of the consideration receivable .
the management of obligations, and recurrent and capital expenditure, was further strengthened by issuing the national budget circular no 12014 dated 01012014 requesting all spending agencies to adhere to the annual provision limits in 2014 budget estimate .
financial regulation .
7 inspection tour on community hall building built at nugedolawattha ranaviru village and ranaviru villages at watupitiwala, keeragala and udupila .
paragraph 221 a of the public enterprises circular no ped 12 dated 02 june 2003 .
it was also revealed that children did not possess any specific program of any channel in their mind as preference .
as such how effective the new designs produced had been, was problematic .
44 procurement plan .
select ds division .
the expenses for transport and electricity was brought down directly by using the rajatha studio for studio program productions and live program productions up to some extent .
the first flag was pinned on his excellency the president on 11th of may at temple trees .
cooking program .
lama puwath, .
enhancing peace and coexistence among the people of sri lanka through training of national languages .
payments to informants .
requests received during the year are as follows .
table 54 public officers' advance account for 2014 .
design news sets .
equipments for the disabled 2011 .
82 strengthening enforcement of law, access to justice and social integration .
826 promoting social integration through volunteerism .
license details .
powder coating of hospital furniture has been introduced since last year for increasing demand for better surface finish and durability from health sector .
submit recommendations to the department of management services on the recruitment of new staff to statutory boards based on availability of budgetary provisions and actual needs of such institutions .
factory engineer issue a circular to all government and semi government institutions, departments, ministries etc stating what type of products, works and services that the government factory intents to offer during the each year .
10 user training on microsoft office 2010 .
2 people’s action for bilingualism .
through these programmes an attempt was taken to provide assistance to fulfill the existing needs .
1ranaviru remembrance week .
a magazine titled salalihini watha, released on 21032012 in order to mark the 30th anniversary of sri lanka rupavahini corporation and that was a special contribution by the documentary unit .
avurudu udanaya studio 4, .
license insurance motor vehicles .
preparing the annual performance report and submitting it to the parliament, ministry of finance and planning and auditor general .
administration of hindu research library .
socio psychosocial project .
programmes and performance report .
housing loan programme for those presently in the service .
mobil service community pokuru programme .
gampaha zone .
formulation of the national budget .
management of 2014 budget .
a corporate plan had not been prepared for the achievement of the vision and mission of the fund ‍ .
i skills development project .
098 ranaviru rimem benivo project .
select offence .
kelaniya–empowering programme for differently abled children .
sep 11 22 .
written requests .
the main activities are conducting seminars for teachers, supplying books to the aranery schools, supplying uniform materials to the students, and providing financial assistance to fulfill the basic requirement of furniture to the aranery schools .
conducting written and oral examinations and issuing certificates to the officers who are required to acquire official language proficiency in terms of public administration circular no012014 and 042014 .
financial progress of the social integration and ethnic affairs division .
identify the actual requirements and prepare a realistic budget .
commissioner general of excise – slas .
healthy lifestyle .
functioning as the strategic centre for providing trilingual knowledge for language education and training with the purpose of implementing the official language policy .
divisional secretariat, karativu .
liabilities within the scope of ias 39 are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or other liabilities, as appropriate .
the makeup unit contributed for “ransirimal”, “salmal landa”, and ‘nirsathvayo’ which were new tele dramas produced by the drama unit and rendered their fullest services to all other external productions of sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
3supplying cash prizes to winners from 1st and 6th place of home gardening contest of ampara nawagampura ranaviru village .
implementing recommendations of the committee on language proficiency of public officers, appointed by the cabinet .
deputy works manager .
year of closing down .
dayata kirula 2012 anuradhapuraya, .
the ranaviru villages that received village housing loans in 2011 .
name mr dumindu maithree .
in order to facilitate this sectoral process, all ministries, departments, and other spending agencies were classified under sectors in the budget formulation, namely social security, human resource development, infrastructure development, real economy, environment, research and technology, public service delivery, defense and law enforcement .
08 making children aware of competitions .
granting aid for self employment .
disable war heroes training programme .
10 participating at a function for handing over of deeds to the ranaviru families of the salawa ranaviru village .
best education programme .
the objective of these programmes is to create awareness on the responsibility and legal background of public officers with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in government institutions .
payments were made for many officers on the basis on being on duty throughout the year without obtaining leave, which is an unrealistic .
progress of offering self employment assistance – services wise .
financial assistance for hindu temples under recurrent expenditure .
by midaugust 2014 the department sent the indicative estimates for 2015 for each ministry with the detailed letter indicating the assumptions used to derive those estimates based on these, the ministries were requested to submit their draft estimates by september 2014 for negotiations between the treasury and the relevant line ministry .
02 obtaining assistance of consultants of outside institutions .
special magazine on hindu religious general knowledge examination prize giving has also been published .
two items were taken place as research session and stage programmes .
functions of the institution .
christmas musical show .
cost as at 31st december 2011 .
121 lack of evidence for audit .
number of requests received .
building the necessary background for making public service bilingual .
treasury bill bank of ceylon .
development of such divisions in an institution may result in a negative impact on the whole functioning of the institution, following a breakdown of the trend of satisfying individual members of the group .
the department had complied within the authorized limits of public officers’ advance account, accordingly .
36 staff management .
contra expenses 50 .
planning division .
a utilization of capital provision .
stated capital .
anpu children home, muththaiyankaddu .
4department of official languages and its progress .
programme commended .
acquired or produced foreign programmes other than foreign films soap operas .
motor racing events .
magistrate court .
operation of the advance account as at 31122015 is as follows .
up to 16092012 .
accrued expenses .
dec 0213 .
development lottery draw, .
reflecting roadside signage .
official languages commission and its performance .
name mrkgnmpbnawarathna .
of the above projects, five most effective projects were given financial provisions by the language division .
similarly, increase in expenditure by 117 per cent as well as decrease in expenditure ranging from 14 per cent to 65 per cent due to the failure to prepare expenditure estimates properly were observed .
02 distribution of land .
34 staff administration .
official address zonal education office, akuressa .
tuesday, 29 august 2017 .
creditors client .
lecture series on hindu religion .
annex 08 .
the organizational structure and role of the national budget department have been constructed with a categorization under the following comprehensive sectors which represent the provisions of liner ministries expenditure estimates .
creating awareness on the importance of protecting their uniqueness and developing mutual understanding in the society .
01 providing the national language division with the necessary technical assistance for planning of programmes relevant to implementation of the official language policy, leadership and institutional empowerment .
director news .
awarding semi scholarships for educational and vocational courses .
functions of the administrative branch .
all programmes on these two directions were prepared incorporating suggestions and ideas of the ranaviru community and with the knowledge of experts .
bangkok thailand .
official address zonal education office, kegalle .
powder coating can be applied to aluminum, steel, cast iron and chromeplated metals .
studio 2 .
although a reward fund according to a scheme proposed by the minister and under the control of the commissioner general of excise should be established as per the section 17 ii of the act, such fund had not been established even by 31 october 2013 .
mannar zone .
building and construction technology .
name mr ka susil premanath .
annex 24 .
accordingly, arrangements were made to provide training for around 5456 public officers through 186 classes by the institute in the year 2015 .
3 months sanskrit classes started in jaffna and colombo .
a 50 per cent portion of the government tax revenue, penalties imposed, confiscated money, and proceeds of the sale of confiscated goods, etc imposed on illegal actions such as the customs tax frauds, illegal imports, breach of regulations on import control detected by the customs officers are credited to this fund for the payment of rewards of the officers and the informants .
the noncompliances observed during the course of audit are given below .
number of meetings of buyers and sellers .
name mrs lm weniton .
annex 47 .
the main functions of the finance division .
the balance .
documentary unit .
commercial production unit .
a ranaviru who has suffered from disease in relation to muscles .
national heritage .
unlawfully position of distilled spirits over than 4 ltrs .
i guidelines 2141, 341 and 43 .
media gallery .
completed projects .
only those who participate in the 5day residential teacher training programmes conducted by the institute and get through the relevant test, are eligible to teach in the island wide teacher training programmes conducted by the institute .
public management reforms .
accordingly, 04 divisional secretariats and 02 pradesheeya sabha are developed by the ministry as innovative model centres .
purchased 1129 uniform materials .
“eberthu etha ” jathika rupavahiniya .
a seven tile factories maintaining the production work of the corporation exist and out of that 05 factories had incurred losses in the year under review .
comprehensive income statement .
providing practical training for those students who follow translation degree programmes in universities and other recognized educational institutions .
delft dupathe sancharaya .
artiste’s fees .
3 welfare project for disabled war heroes .
a long period of time is required to issue the entire number when considering the manner they apply for them and a much time has to be spent to complete the related work till the issuance .
this program televised under the theme “sathara diganthe” is produced at external locations focusing on the tourism industry .
it also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the corporation’s accounting policies .
03housing loan programme for those presently in the service .
rehabilitation and prison reforms .
also, they were directed to spend within the medium term budgetary framework that had already been approved by parliament .
17 poya programme .
along with the statement “aranery schools in every temples”, aranery schools were started in temples and registered in the department .
main objectives of the administrative branch are maintaining better institutional administrative environment, managing human and physical resources, fulfiling career needs of staff and assisting the ministry in implementing its services .
attention of officers has been drawn to the fact that dealing with official documents should be in official languages .
charging all expenses incurred in the day to day operations of the business and in maintaining the property, plant equipment in a state of efficiency .
the overtime earnings of most officers had exceeded their consolidated salaries .
deficit units .
05 establishing 14 innovative model centres in order to strengthen the process of implementing the official language policy .
this was recorded in the television history as the first ever program that covered all 09 provinces of the island .
annex 06 .
walbotale ranaviru village .
maintenance expenditure .
notes to the financial statements .
assistant director, department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
powder coated products .
05 medical assistance .
name mr mds fernando .
for the program in batticaloa .
manual for famous temples and guideline books for hindu temples .
conducting a 10 sample survey .
brick making .
the corporation prepares its financial statements in accordance with the sri lanka accounting standards ‘slfrs’ issued by the institute of charted accountants of sri lanka and the requirements of sri lanka and the requirements of sri lanka accounting and auditing standards act no 19 of 1995 .
on that basis, action has been taken to provide funds to bilingual divisional secretariats .
foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at yearend exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the income statement .
employees who completed 20 years of service at the sri lanka rupavahini corporation were presented with gold tokens in appreciation on 2nd may 2012 .
community centre after the rehabilitation .
review and implementation of budget 2014 .
compilation of data base .
general knowledge competitive examination for aranery school students .
373 2 employee advances .
sending a list of new beneficiaries to all community officers .
public relations and reception unit .
official address department of education southern province,upper dickson road, galle .
selfemployment loans .
at the conclusion of the initial programme, steps were taken to give the assignments to prepare language plans in relation to the institutions concerned and now the task of preparing language planns are taking place at the institutions concerned .
06 granting medical loans .
this division consists of the master control room, studios, transmission, maintenance, information communication technology, power and air conditioning and civil engineering units which are further divided in to sub units based on their responsibilities .
most of the staff officers of this department have served as directors treasury representatives on the boards of directors of statutory boards, public corporations and government owned companies gocs, while some officers have served as members of cabinet appointed tender boards catbs, and technical evaluation committees tecs representing the secretary to the treasury in these committees .
total value of assets .
our vision .
the language division identified various programmes related to the social integration week annually declared by the ministry .
2 concessionary loan project .
name mrs sp chandrawathie .
polonnaruwa district committee meeting on 24102011 .
following observations are made in this regard .
anuradhapura zone .
action plan of current projects .
they have obtained the assistance of the ministry of public administration and home affairs to gather relevant details by visiting their houses .
accomplishing all this while eradicating wasteful practices and financial irregularities was yet another remarkable achievement .
advance on foreign purchase – spares parts .
training of technical officers on utilizing these hands book in preparation of language plans was carried out with the financial contribution of the national language project and the technical contribution of the asia foundation .
action for recovery of arrears amounting to as at 31 december 2012 had not been taken .
deyata kirula .
the best artist of the year .
another specialty of this programme was the agriculturist, mr udaya silva, interacting with the viewers’ questions via the phone during the live telecasts .
a general knowledge competitive examination was conducted on 28th june 2014 in 160 exam centers island wide for the students of aranery school and around 69,783 students sat for this examination .
procurement examination of bidding document shopping document .
one of them shall be nominated by the president to be the chairman of the commission .
during the course of the event, of the projects initiated by the national language project, those projects to be continued in the future as well were discussed .
e national defence levy act no 36 of 1995 .
no of aranery school students 285,067 .
yakabedda akuressa .
03 approval of the management board was granted to decide by a special panel on the monthly assistance that could be granted when a beneficiary is unable to submit a specific financial estimate for treatment .
granting village advisory allowances .
11042014 13042014 .
an audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements .
issuing or applying researchers and policy statements that commission considers necessary in relation to the status or application of particular languages .
powder coating gives the products high quality and durability than the color coating .
your email .
action had been taken to assign a vehicle to a consultant which was obtained on the basis of monthly hire of .
the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages was established under the extraordinary gazette notification of no193313 and dated 21092015 .
revising of the requests for release of monthly cash imprest on the recurrent and the capital grants along with department of treasury operation .
issuance of budget guidelines on the preparation of the budget estimates .
monitoring of advance accounts operations continued under the purview of the department during the year 2014 .
although social integration week was not held due to the changes took place in the country in 2015, several parallel programmes, such as social welfare and educational programmes were held islandwide .
expenditure january to june .
thus, both booths were furnished with required computers and other accessories .
however, the christian and catholic religious programs, supuwatha and the magazine programme sudasuna, were produced under supervision of documentary unit along with the live telecast of easter christmas divine service .
traveling subsidence local .
special jury award .
web site .
all the administrative functions of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation were carried out by the administration division under the guidance and direction of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation chairman, .
general procurement notices .
training programme to improve knowledge, attitude and skills .
designation additional provincial director of education .
oshin inauguration event, .
debtors employee .
the ranaviru family members of the community are eligible for community housing loans .
﻿01 nation’s gratitude to the name 'ranaviru' .
acquired or produced foreign filmssoap operas .
historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items .
the field officers, attached to this ministry, have been directed to these divisional secretariats so as to render a more effective service for the general public .
the amount of first six monthsjanuary to june .
nevertheless, the annual reports for the years 2010 and 2011 had not been tabled in parliament even by 09 november 2013 .
psychosocial skill tranning programme .
in order to make sri lanka rupavahini corporation popular, this unit has ensured providing the children who visit the rupavahini corporation with proper knowledge and sending letters to the principals about the mustwatch programmes for children .
582 students were awarded certificates at the programme .
c bangadeniya factory .
supply of designs market facilities .
name of the ministryspecial spending units .
ten cases had been filed in the labour tribunals and several other courts relating to the respective factories by the retired employees of the corporation against the corporation in connection with the nonextension of their services and the arrears of gratuity .
holy well of sri maanikka pillaiyar temple, kiran, batticaloa .
carrying out translation tasks of government and semi–government institutionsin sinhala, tamil, english .
kilinochchi zone .
we consider that the steps taken by the ranaviru sewa authority to make its action plan more resultoriented for accomplishing its aim of meeting needs of war heroes is an achievement in 2011 .
the language guidelines books are used as learning aids in programmes on facilitation of language plans .
iv foster parent programme .
name mr mta nisam .
04 categorizing applications and computerization of them .
043 fund management account .
break down of awarding of scholarships among services .
compilation of hindu encyclopedia .
by reviewing the progress monthly and quarterly in terms of reports on the action plan and reporting back to the management on the instances of deviations from the expected targets .
vasuliya – magazine programme aimed at youth .
the children of war heroes in the armed services and the police who are dead, missing and became disabled while engaged in operations for the safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country, are the beneficiaries of this programme for the provision of scholarships with the support of local and overseas donors .
though the director general of customs stated that action will be taken to rectify that in the subsequent year, no action had been taken even during the year 2012 to settle the matter .
new year in japan new year celebration of the sri lankan people living in japan .
education services .
performance report .
various instances of the preparation of language plans .
telecast at 1130 pm on thursday from july up to october 2012 .
conducted at mahawa, ehala sri sutharnaramavihara, puttalam from 26072014 to 27072014 .
profit loss for the taxation .
reasons for nonobtaining loans by some certain applicants half way during the process .
the department has directed its staff to the following local and foreign training programmes in 2014, in order to enhance their professional skills and working efficiency, in addition to attending various meetings in their official capacities .
50 navarathri poojas were conducted at district level from 24th sep to 03rd october in 19 districts namely jaffna, batticaloa, kandy, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, mullaitivu, ampara, matale, badulla, puttalam, trincomalee, matara, ratnapura, kaluthara, polonnaruwa, colombo, galle, gampaha, and vavuniya .
however, that remained idle over a period of 03 years .
annex 35 .
name mr baa wijerathne .
the popular documentary programme of the year .
entertainment programmes .
sri paththira kaali amman temple, thannamunai, batticaloa .
pannisai classes .
compiling sinhala, tamil and english glossaries on various subjects .
the project received a large number of applications .
name mrs wmcweerakoon .
14 other receivables .
ac 28 .
advertisements are published in main media by the commission focusing on important days and occasions commemorated by sri lankans .
acting director .
types of liquor licenses .
nov 1425 .
7 refurbish of ict unit started .
18 trade payables .
the following staff members were given local training in different fields in the year 2014 .
diversion of water for irrigation .
name mr rw gamage .
the current affairs unit comes under the supervision of news and current affairs division .
oral health .
as part of this exhibition, a new programme titled ‘dayata kirula gee taruwa’ was commenced in order to show case the hidden signing talents of children in the area .
in 2011, in addition to granting scholarships, arrangements were made to find money through donors, to meet the cost of providing electricity to the house of the mother of a war hero and to give school stationery to one ranaviru child .
“punya grama” programme .
swamy vivekanadar aranery school and .
balance at 31 december 2012 .
department of excise .
07 selecting judging panels and making them aware .
deepavali musical programmes, .
53 printed media advertisements .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
sri lanka broadcasting corporation .
promotion of hindu tamil art and culture .
even though financial statements should be presented to the audior general within 60 days after the close of the financial year in terms of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003, the financial statements for the year under review had been presented by the corporation only on 15 may 2013, that is, after a delay of 76 days .
in 2015,45 social integration programmes parallel to social integration week with the contribution of language societies were implemented .
local short film making programme .
c creditors .
b programme .
running expenses of motor vehicles .
head 01 ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
2 provided live linking facilities for 120 nos of outside broadcast events across the country .
graphics and animation .
the provision related to departmental administrative expenditure on budget formulations and policies was provided by the project no 01 while project 02, provided allocation for facilitating unexpected and unforeseen expenditure required by various spending agencies .
the provision for bad debts for employee loans has been made only for the outstanding amounts with respect to employees who are no longer in service either retired or resigned with sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
3 scholarship awarding ceremonies .
production income .
various training courses conducted by the national institute of language education and training in the year 2015 .
23072014 22014 implementation of budget proposals 2014 providing motorcycles field officers in public sector .
investigating complaints received with regard to violation of the official languages policy .
divisional secretariat, palagala .
financial assistance for the rehabilitation of temples under “vadakkin vasantham” .
this unit consists of five producers and ten production assistants are working in this division .
the interest payable over the period 5 years of the lease is transferred to an interest in suspense account .
club license .
best documentary programme nominee .
the following special programs were instrumental in the increase in earnings in 2012 .
during the course of 2015, the language division conducted programmes under 04 main targets namely, .
sivaththamil aranery school .
discussions current affairs .
galle zone .
36 depreciation .
accrual donation housing .
1 parttime training programmes conducted for public officers .
42 procurement plan .
director of education .
mobile services were conducted for providing civic documentations, covering five divisional secretariats in the year 2015 .
out of total 207 advance accounts 196 public officers’ advance accounts, 4 commercial advance accounts, 3 stores advance accounts and 4 special advance accounts were operated .
public relations and public affairs .
performance report 2013 .
prior year adjustments deferred tax .
reformation of textbooks of hindu aranery school students .
this program is implemented to prepare a dictionary gathering tamil words used by sri lankan tamils .
finance leases .
agalawatta–constructing a toilet for students of tamil primary school located in galewatta, agalawatta .
recommendations for land .
ambagamuwa disrict secatariat .
name mrs sy pathiranawasam .
other than dramas, the makeup unit provided their service to the other station productions such as new year live programs, vesak poson poya live programs, vesak tele drama and carols, monthly poya live programs, ‘sitha nivana katha’ tele series, dayata kirula, documentary programs, educational programs, catholic programs, christmas tele dramas and carols .
previewing monitoring charges .
03 employees were newly recruited for the garage .
private transport services .
driver grade 11 .
teacher training programmes on sinhalatamil languages .
e establishing a process of investigating the professional behaviour and conduct of the ayurvedic medical practitioners .
9 to conduct national ranaviru remembrance ceremonies reflecting our undying gratitude for the utmost services rendered by the war heroes and to add the names of war heroes of our era to the history of our country .
821 based on the facts transpired on the evaluation of documentation needs conducted in 2013, conducting mobile services on documentation in plantation sector .
the notes on pages 6 to 41 are from an integral part of these financial statements .
annex 16 .
evaluation provincial ministry .
through telephone approximately 07 .
17 day non residential tamil language training programme for newly recruited nurses .
office labourers .
action plan, information related to programmes and photographs were exhibited in the exhibition stall allocated for the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs and the books published by the department, exhibits which reveals hindu tradition were also exhibited .
the ranaviru sewa authority has ended funding .
june 1122 .
the vision of the government factory is to develop the customer services, both internal and external, to the highest quality in keeping with global trends .
rejected number .
service number .
national film corporation .
for jury award nominated for the final round .
name ms smdk jayasinghe .
sri selvakkathirgama mrugan aranery school, .
wheel barrows, .
accepting the ngos as responsive service providers to beneficiaries with the intervention and supervision of the government .
13 attending foundation laying for housing ceremony at galgamuwa ranaviru village on 27102011 .
the ranaviru honor and dignity division can be described as one of the principal and unique divisions of the ranaviru sewa authority .
name mrbketheswaran .
the collection and protection of revenue from liquor and tobacco .
social integration week .
7 kataragama .
education loan .
commercial promotional expenses 25 .
further to this, special pooja and cultural programmes were conducted in the temples in galle, mullaitivu, jaffna, puttalam, badulla, trincomalee, batticaloa, kilinochchi and polonnaruwa districts with the assistance of the department .
1 from the annual treasury allocation for administration and other day today activities .
a applications for security bonds had not been documented and the applications which were rejected had not been filed by pointing out the reasons for such rejections .
accordingly, all accounting officers were advised to establish proper systems to ensure commitments are made only within the approved annual budget .
statement of financial position .
divisional secretariat nochchiyagam .
the most important step that has been initiated in this regard is the reorganization of the ranaviru sewa authority staff to make that structure more constructive and suit the modern requirements .
sale of tv time – channel eye .
sep 15 25 .
friday, 18 august 2017 .
organized the participation of war heroes for a programme held at the rupawahini corporation .
through telephones approximately .
join with national events .
retention with holding tax .
payment for old beneficiaries .
best apparel design .
human resource development .
in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand bank current account balance .
to be the flagship broadcaster of all sri lankans .
preparing an administrative mechanism and a documentation process with regard to implementation of the official language policy .
merit award for creative directing .
police stations .
the corporation classifies its financial assets in the following categories .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation news division .
news gathering local .
further, action has been taken to send the copies of this news letters by post to the language associations registered with the ministry .
identification of members and conducting reviews .
financial assistance for aranery school building under “deyata kirula” programme .
during the year 2014, the department prepared observations to 399 cabinet memoranda for the hon minister of finance and planning .
offering self employment assistance – break down for the years .
further this unit was able to obtain documentary programs from china korea at no cost under the patronage of relevant embassies .
ibbagamuwa ranaviru village .
public relations unit .
name mr rmp rathnayake .
profit before income tax .
promotion of hindu religious activities .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation hereinafter referred to as the “corporation” was incorporated under the sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no 6 of 1982 .
the new and the final phase of facilitation project on social transformation and integration which was to be completed in mid march 2017, commenced in january 2014 .
01 budget formulation and policy .
water tank of eelam kasi shesthiram, kilinochchi .
defined benefit obligations .
retention contract .
vadamaradchi zone .
under this programme, steps were also taken to hold a discussion based on answering model question papers of year 5 scholarship examination for students of difficult areas .
evaluating the success of the system of internal control carried out in the ministry and other institutions under it in order to avoid errors and frauds and assisting to strengthen the internal administration .
providing marketing facilities for new designs .
decrease increase .
district court .
providing facilities and coordination for implementing the official languages policy efficiently with the objective of establishing ethnic unity and peace .
deputy minister of budhasasana and religious affairs, members of parliament from ratnapura district, district secretary,director from department and several guests participated in this occasion .
independence ceremony, .
supplied furniture to the maintenance unit .
5 neluwa .
32 personnel administration .
j entering the data in respect of the ayurvedic medical practitioners in the official web site .
still photographs current affairs .
the payment will continue till the children sit for the gce al and it is stopped thereafter .
in the year 2011 .
promotion of infrastructure for hindu temples .
over 7500 public benefitted .
it will be decided whether to make the payment for a year or two based on the grade in which the student is studying .
9 being paid money for renovationof play compound at galnewa ranaviru village .
special programmes implemented during the year 2011 .
53 internal audit .
compilation of the hand book on implementation of the official language policy and legal provisions .
the mission of the ranaviru sewa authority is to look after the welfare of a targeted group of beneficiaries identified under the specific category .
d out of the 09 factories owned by the corporation, only 07 factories are in production at present and the balance 02 factories had been closed down due to the following reasons .
budget 4 retaining the membership and making a success the actions of community .
serious illness insurance .
purpose of the foreign tour .
copy right .
boc saving ac .
8 to set up model villages highlighting the ranaviru name .
govermant hospitals .
the programs telecast on nethra tv are in the following order .
2951a, mahawatta road, .
4 provision of blocks of land for the land less ranaviru families for the construction of houses .
linkages with different institutions for meeting requirements of ranaviru family members through skills development projects .
35 inventories .
arrangements were made to pay the transport and corporate allowance to provincial officers .
updating members’ information .
holding a self employment products sale stall at the dayata kirula exhibition .
making available funds for construction of community halls in ranaviru villages 2011 .
ranaviru real star .
training programmes for army officers .
ranaviru real star ii .
miscellaneous duties 532 .
a identification of landless war heroes and their families .
developing the skills of government and nongovernment agencies engaged in social integration .
sabaragamuwa province .
this programme is conducted for 06 months at the rate of 10 hours per month at the agalawatta training centre .
maintenance of personal files .
international book exhibition, .
financial progress of the administration division .
noof total flags .
applications were entertained from 2009 to december 2010 and winners were selected and categorized at various levels out of those applications .
dharmasariyar residential seminar, batticaloa .
b to provide houses and to assist in building those .
the objective of this phase is to collaborate with “government and nongovernmental agencies and build social integration by building key elements for social integration .
41 action plan .
july 1627 .
being referred for jobs and encouraging them for selfemployment .
chief accountant .
c section 651 of public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
this money still has been deposited in the account division and the beneficiary has been informed by a letter that money would be total amount required for the purchase of an artificial foot is collected .
the unutilized money of the fund had been brought forward from year to year as treasury deposits .
during the last two years 14 trainees who were referred to us by the national apprentice and industrial training authority naita and were under going training at this authority were recruited on contract basis and in 2011 out of them 10 were employed another 04 naita trainees were also recruited in this year .
medical program .
as the capital grants provided annually by the general treasury was not utilized by the college, it was continuously credited again to the treasury at the end of the year .
tar boiler of 60 and 120 gallon, .
iii education scholarship project .
for programmes in kilinochchi .
a detailed report in terms of section 137a of the finance act was issued to the chairman of the corporation on 15 august 2013 .
secretary,ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs .
the scholarships categories .
official address zonal education office, sammanthurai .
unclaimed salaries wages .
45 budgetary control .
outside broadcasting facilities were also operated by the supervision and the direction of deputy director studio and outside broadcasting under the direction of deputy director general engineering .
galvanizing also is used instead of painting on the request of customers .
kalutara zone .
seegiriya world heritage .
hire of facilities theatreaudiocurrent affairs .
provisions were provided from supplementary allocation .
after holding longterm discussions separately for ministries, it was confirmed whether the provisions have been allocated properly for all the projects .
stop logs are used for level control in open channels .
the progress the sri lanka rupavahini corporation achieved during the year 2012 .
ii cash flows generated from operating activities .
awarding semi scholarships for educational vocational courses .
1facilitation of language plan programme .
daily live telecast for gce ol al students .
noof temples .
money has been paid in three installments for community hall and the final installment will be paid once the work is completed .
cabinet approval had been granted on 20120719 to hold social integration week annually .
this is a small section from the autobiography of the world’s oldest aboriginal man, henanigala, the chief of vaddahs .
site map .
under the deyata kirula programme .
supreme court .
the areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in note 6 .
a language training programme for civil society was initiated in 2012 .
d utilization of assets .
43 tabling of annual reports in the parliament .
1 taking necessary action regarding the letters received from ranaviru villages .
board meetings were held eight times during the year 2012 .
sunday ayubowan, .
finance cost .
financial obligation management .
a the documentary information in support of the purpose of obtaining the deposits had not been furnished to audit .
public addressing system charges rental .
total cost .
‘vedikawa’ special programme, .
non – current assets .
central ac systems with related motors and power panel in st1 2 project st – 3 project .
even though all the motor vehicles used by the college should be controlled by one division, it had been decentralized in the way of that the motor vehicles of sri lanka army and the ministry of defence were being controlled by the transport division and the 04 motor vehicles supplied by sri lanka air force and 02 motor vehicles supplied by sri lanka navy were being controlled by their respective wings .
an action plan for the identification of the financial targets and the physical targets according to the respective periods had not been prepared .
the division primarily carries out the functions of financial management and financial reporting of the corporation .
disabled status or ailment .
advance for programme production .
43 audit committees .
in progress .
the scheduling unit has scheduled 389,879 commercials during 2012 .
it is with great pleasure that i declare that the officers of the ministry have worked with utmost dedication to fulfil the aspirations of the ministry as a whole .
c the control of petty cash imprest had not been formalized due to the following matters .
advance – social welfare fund .
on every tuesday .
postal services .
according to paragraph 2 of the treasury circular no pfps04xii of 28 august 2006, if audit committee of the corporation is not in operation, such committee should be established and ensure that the committee meets regularly and take follow up action on the recommendation of the committee .
pedestals and operating mechanisms required for variety of load conditions of gates are also provided .
this is a set of steps taken by the government to mobilize local and foreign institutions without acquiring foreign aids to uplift the life style of daduru oya people who were suffering due to illiteracy and poverty .
6 rambukkana .
04 schools were selected from difficult areas of the district and a series of workshops was conducted for which more than 3000 students participated .
for the first time in history, a live “pirith chanting” was telecast at the sacred sri pada .
05 arranging selection competitions .
designation extension .
implementation of budget 2014 and expenditure management .
name mrrmananda .
divers programmes are conducted by the national institute of language education and training to develop the skills of its staff .
over two dozen competitors have entered the market where we enjoyed near monopoly thirty years ago .
one of the main objectives of the data and information division is the compilation of a data base containing details and information of service organizations in accordance with clause 9 and 3 of chapter 6th of the ranaviru sewa authority act and maintaining it while being updated .
special spending units .
1 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the watupitiwala ranaviru village .
no of new beneficiaries .
table 4 provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
in 2015, islandwide programmes were conducted by the institute for students who had completed gce al examination .
nov 05 14 .
translation and computerization of list of names for gazette notification .
outside broadcasting .
name mrs s rathnayake .
telecommunication and information technology .
conducting conversational workshops on the implementation of the official language policy .
awareness programme for the hospital staff .
official address zonal education office, vavuniya north, puliyankulam .
housing development authority .
modernization of institutional environment .
tax amount 28 .
a totally disabled war hero .
obtaining the services of a translator in the case of doctors lacking bilingual proficiency .
all financial transactions that passed through these units were executed with integrity, transparency and objectivity .
11 janapathi jana hamuwa .
4 keragala .
the programme ‘ranga bhoomy’ aiming the students who follow drama and aesthetic education was telecast throughout the year 2012 on sundays .
publication and distribution of nandhi flag .
i am confident that all the experiences we had during this period would be very useful to achieve a more systematic and constructive progress in the coming year .
artists fees .
parties benefited .
a even though all the public enterprises should restructure their organization structures in accordance with the management services circular no 30 dated 2006 september 22 and in terms of letter no pedpu dated 08 july 2009 of the department of public enterprises and action should have been taken to revise recruitment promotion procedure, cadre and salary scales and to obtain the recommendation of the national salaries and cadre commission and approval of the department of management services, action had not been taken accordingly .
the following functions with regard to these institutions were carried out by the department of national budget in 2014 to improve their financial and management efficiency .
these advertisements are published in both languages focusing on main days of religious, cultural and national significance of sri lankans .
20 other payables .
daily from 1st september 2012 to 31st december 2012 .
these officers contribute the technical knowledge in the training programmes on preparation of language plans, conducted by the ministry .
best make up artist .
42 audit committees .
4 provincial ranaviru seminars .
residential training workshops for the disabled war heroes 2011 .
dec 01 11 .
6national institute of language education and training and its progress .
this scheme commenced in 2005 in collaboration with the national savings bank .
this unit ensures that the daily transmission of all programs on the national channel, nethra, channel eye and ntv channels run smoothly and provides a balanced line up of programs to viewers .
to improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of aranery school students, 174 yoga classes, 64 miruthanka classes, 75 violin classes, 102 pannisai classes and 03 hindu saints guru poojas and thiruvasaka festival were conducted at nallur navalar manimandapam which is administrated by the department .
people belonging to all the ethnic groups take part in these festivals regardless of ethnic differences .
recurrent activities .
number of days of debtors turnover .
chief internal auditor .
review the performance and the progress of these statutory boards, by analyzing and examining the annual budget, annual action plan, annual accounts and annual report etc .
progress of offering self employment assistance – industrial wise .
fixed deposit .
even though the financial statements and the draft annual report for the year under review should have been presented to the auditor general within 60 days after the close of the financial year, only the financial statements had been presented on 26 april 2013 .
i skills and development division .
1 upgrade the 2mbps internet leased line to 4 mbps .
6systems and controls .
details of the classes conducted for language associations in 2015 are as follows .
grade 1 .
impairment of housing loan .
activities and functions of the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
organizing of the “sewa prabha 2012” ceremony which was held to appreciate and felicitate the sri lanka rupavahini corporation employees who won awards at the national and international television award ceremonies .
snake bite sarpavisha .
balance at 1 january 2011 .
lunama ranaviru village .
in accordance with that circular, by now certain schools have submitted their annual action plan to the commission .
it was started in 1989 and completed in 2014 .
tamil program unit nethra tv .
32 staff administration .
international monetary fund world bank spring meeting .
puttalam zone .
decrease of channel eye income during the year by more than 75 per cent or rs637,390,000 as compared with the preceding year had been the main reason for this decrease .
the activity identified by language circle is to display all boards including the school main board in three languages, .
balance provision .
name mr lds priyantha .
development of a software system under the supervision of the authority .
official address education ministry of southern province, dakshinapaya, labudoova .
appropriation account 2014 .
number awarded .
live programs telecast in 2012 .
pulathisi diyaniya .
july 4 14 .
providing officers of national integration promotion coordinatorsassistants with the training on preparation of language plans .
practitioners on registration of doctors during the year under review and two preceding years are given below .
at the national level facilitation project on social transformation and integration works with the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and the ministry of local government and provincial councils for social transformation and integration projects .
341, praja road, .
the leases of property, plant and equipment when the corporation has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases .
a financial assets .
sriman naarayanan temple, ampara .
income from diploma course .
advance accounts activities .
oct 1526 .
finance leases payable current portion .
followed by an awareness programme, preparation of language plans has been commenced in badulla, galle, kandy, kurunegala, nuwataeliya and rathnapura districts and at the divisional secretariat of kothmale .
upto now 3,916 vehicles have been purchased, including the vehicles used for chogm, on leasing installments to be paid over 05 years period in equal monthly installments .
name mrs pgrs madhavi welagedara .
travelers guide .
a programme to present awards of uttama puja pranama medals to value their contribution to the parents of war heroes who offered their children to the battle field and wives and children of war heroes was held district wise .
increase in other expenditure .
best supporting actor nominee .
sri lanka being a multi ethnic country, sinhala, tamil and muslim nationalities live in this country .
empowering the general public in relation to the implementation of official language policy .
the maintenance unit is divided into basic maintenance and eng maintenance sub units .
muslim programs unit .
aiming at increasing the viewership, advertisements were published through these organizations according to a proper plan, throughout the year in sinhala, tamil and english languages .
1 ranaviru children savings investment scholarships .
closing dates of the liquer shops .
name mr r sugirtharajan .
research assistant .
121 sri lanka accounting standards .
on behalf of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
mannar–programme on peacebuilding and coexistence based on the experience gained by cultural and sports .
no of new recipients .
divisional secretariat rajanganaya .
and also, after installing this, there are 05 nos of camera has been facilitated in studio no 3 for programme productions .
public officers' advance account activities .
repairs maintenance – garden .
name mr j nanayakkara .
programmeoperational activities .
timber gates are made out of kubuk wood, .
sivarathri festival conducted at sivan temple, ratnapura .
in line with the above initiative, 14 government institutions representing different sectors in sri lanka, selected under the fund of canadian government by the ministry, were entrusted with the task of building inovative models in impllementing the national language policy .
also, instructions were given to distribute the allocations in all the spending agencies and the provincial councils in a manner that would manage the sectoral allocation .
number of audit checks conducted 12 .
on the weekends ‘sadurangam’ a one hour political conference program, ‘vilaiyaattu manjari’ the sports programmes were also telecasted .
accrual transport rent concessionary loan project .
in addition to this, the unit has produced quite a number of programs that were telecast on a weekly basis .
b construction of a six storeyed laboratory for the faculty of engineering .
running expenses 75 .
accident insurance .
assistant commissioner of excise .
ongoing projects .
though it was reported that the information relating to the exports division for the years 2008 and 2009 had been deleted, such information for the year 2010 and 2011 had not been also produced to audit .
conducted at thirukketheeswaram, mannar from 13092014 to 14092014 .
loan balances .
plastic name boards .
assistant commissioner of excise departmental .
456 artists consists of 278 sinhala artists, 100 tamil artists and 78 muslim artists were awarded in this ceremony which was held on 14th december 2014 at bandaranayake memorial international conference hall .
the sri lanka rupavahini corporation entered into an agreement with the sri lanka insurance corporation to cover the medical insurance, fire insurance, and all accidental insurance schemes from 1st january 2012 to 31st december 2012 .
providing translation services using state of the art technology and techniques is yet another specific role of the department .
a inclusion of motor vehicles not belonging to the college in the financial statements .
evaluation of listening skill test using technical instruments was commenced on 23rd october this year .
intangible assets .
getting approvals of carder .
even though the entire had been accounted for as expenditure, information relating to the actual amount spent for the workshop, number of persons participated, and fruitfulness of the workshop had not been submitted for audit .
educating the relevant authorities and making arrangements to name roads in the name of war heroes .
3 this includes the providing of live linking facilities for air force cycle race 2012 from 15 locations for 03 days including the start and finish .
name mrsmpmdesanayaka .
present cadre .
financial progress up to 20151231 .
purchasing of musical instrument .
motor cars .
accordingly in 2012, entries were sent in for international competitions such as prix jeunesse international in germany, abu prize 2012 in malaysia, world tv awards in thailand, u r i t grand prix author’s documentary in france, japan prize 2012 in tokyo, japan .
e conduct of training programmes .
312 retirement benefit liabilities .
applications of community members were referred via community and all applicants who applied were awarded with scholarships .
02 in order to improve the knowledge of experts, professionals, students and writers and generally all groups of people, a new trilingual glossary is being compiled by the glossary section of the department .
in 2012 also, there were lot of outside broadcasting events covered by using outside broadcasting 1 and outside broadcasting 2 and there are 66 outside broadcasting events have been covered .
interest on loans to employees .
apart from that development implementation of software for the live sport events were carried out .
41 annual action plan .
tender evaluation .
maximum limit of debit balances .
distress loan .
refrigeration equipment in staff canteen, .
the program administration unit has opened 2005 program record files for the year 2012 .
02 sending time for urgent special programmes at the cost of general programmes .
14 miss ceylinco vip .
functions responsibilities .
mahaweli games beginning and the end of the program was live telecasted, in other days special events were telecasted .
mr mohan samaranayake .
deputy commissioner of excise internal audit – slacs .
gazetted the appropriation bill for 2015 in the gazette, dated 19 09 2014 .
esala poya day live telecast .
formulation of budget estimates for 2015 .
children programmes .
unveiling of ranaviru monument erected by pujapitiya ranaviru community ya on 09062011 .
tile factory .
coordinate with the relevant statutory boards on resolving these quarries and ensure that the remedial actions are taken to avoid occurrence of such audit quarries in the future .
auditing of unaudited government institutions in bilingual administrative divisions .
cremation of ven wevaldeniya medhalnkara thero of sri lanka ramanya nikaya, live telecast meerigama .
seminars on pannisai was conducted at bulathsinhala on 20122014 for aranery school students of kaluthara district .
language associations registered in 2015 are 279 .
july 21aug 01 .
taxes paid .
the following operational scenarios were also applied in the formulation and implementation of 2014 budget .
1 completed installation, testing and commissioning of digital tv transmission project for the northern province on february 2012 .
bhawana programme was held for disabled war heroes at the sri sudarsanarama viharaya, polgasowita on 20122011 for their spiritual benefit .
in my opinion, because of the significance of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements do not give a true and fair view of the financial position of the ceylon ceramics corporation as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
official address zonal education office, vavuniya south, vavuniya .
formulated the budget for 2015 in line with the government development policy framework within mtef 20152017 .
the tamil program unit caters to tamil speaking viewers of the country, focusing on tamil language programs .
this is the story of the contributions that the government provided to sustain the country’s local textile industry and the workers’ efforts in every valuable task .
saddharma makaranda programme .
it has currently produced 500 programmes by covering 18 subjects .
name boards, notice boards and information boards not being displayed in three languages .
10 held to maturity financial assets .
special maintenance .
loose tools .
the ranaviru sewa authority also focuses on improving skills and education of ranaviru children .
the task of preparing language plans relevant to hisher field of service within a specified period of time was given to the trained officers in terms of an assignment .
reception unit .
5 administrative expenses .
sri pararaja pillaiyar aranery school, .
production of tools and accessories relevant to the implementation of the official language policy .
such cultural festivals are thaipongal, sinhala hindu new year festival, haj festival, deepavali and christmas .
license to manufacture, milk punch and or wine .
details of income received through the treasury and the lottery in the year 2011 have been indicated in this annual report in final accounts report .
527 hindu youths participated and benefitted .
beer, ale, stout wine license for consumption in the premises .
per centage of increase over the previous year .
wheel chairs .
management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards and for such internal control as the management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error .
04programme on the establishment of regional level innovative models .
making financial contribution for pirith chanting pinkama organized by hanwella ranaviru community ya .
decrease in write off of income from loan interest .
p s no 2014311 third instalment part iii funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
official address zonal education office, ibbagamuwa .
establishing language circles in school level and implementing programmes via them .
name mr n vijendran .
from 01012014 to 31122014 .
salaries payable .
ambalangoda zone .
galenbindunuwewa zone .
26 focal point officers, who were selected subsequent to the gender sensitization programme series held in 2014, successfully completed a threeday work shop on promotion of gender .
this programme was implemented in puttlam, kurunegala, kandy, batticaloa, matara and colombo districts in the year 2015 .
sanda diya dothak a conversational programme with musicians .
16 election result telecast .
a function with the participation of war heroes ,was held at dodamgoda entrance prior to the opening of southern express way on19112011 .
from 18092011 to 27052012 .
preparation of detailed printed estimates with relevant to all the expenditure heads with analytical data .
f improvement of performance through updating the assets and facilities of the ayurvedic medical council .
child clinic .
financial assistance for homes for children and elders .
ii sanitary equipment 04 .
name mrkpkschandhima .
annual report 2009 .
02 participated in wellawaya community meeting in the monaragala district on 7012011 representing the authority .
the corporation had not prepared an action plan for the year under review .
name mr rd solaman .
name mr sk mallawaarachchi .
whilst all the documents are available in sinhala, tamil and english languages, these documents need to be revised in line with the subject scope of the new ministry .
realistic assessment – the budget 2014 was based on an assessment of actual expenditure incurred under the limits provided in terms of article 150 2 and article 150 3 of the constitution .
teledrama series .
significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganization and default payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired .
hindu cultural assistant .
name mrs thandayuthapani .
magazine programme, weekly live telecast .
the directors also confirm that to the best of their knowledge all taxes and levies payable by the corporation, all contributions, levies and taxes payable on behalf of and in respect of the employees and all other known statutory obligations including retirement gratuities as were due as at the balance sheet date have been either duly paid or appropriately provided in the financial statements .
a statement of changes in the accumulated fund had not been furnished separately .
official address zonal education office, sri jayawardhanapura .
the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs was established on 1st of january 1986 to preserve, promote and propagate hindu religion and hindu culture .
beer and porter license .
in terms of section 653 of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003, the annual report on the activities of the defence services command and staff college and the accounts should be tabled in parliament within 150 days after the closure of the financial year .
this programme was organized to make unity and understanding between hindu and buddhists .
further, fruitfulness of this expenditure had not been confirmed .
language training programme for nurses .
health bulletin .
b establishment of the reward fund under the tobacco tax act .
planning and operation of welfare services for the settlement of psychosocial and social issues faced by the family members of those missing, killed of disabled in action in the armed services and police in defending the country and the people and creating a mental awakening of those heroes presently in service .
information analyzing and explanation .
implementation of the national policy mechanism in relation to social integration at national and district level .
ii the dependents of the members of the armed forces and the police force who have been killed or are missing in action .
all the secretaries of ministries were addressed personally giving guidelines to prepare their estimates for 2015 by way of a personalized letter issued by the secretary to the treasury, which included all the specific instructions .
2 granting funds for the construction of community hall building at welawaya ranaviru village .
increase over the previous year .
administration of navalar mani mandapam, jaffna .
while these sinhala and tamil training programmes are divided into four categories as level i, ii,iii and level iv,the time durations of them are 250 hours,200 hours,150 hours and 100 hours respectively .
formal educational programs for gce ol students were also telecast continuously under the theme of “jathika pasala” .
deputy commissioner of excise finance .
special graphics and animation .
c accounting .
sale of tv time – contra deal .
first and second issues of the “apurwa nade” were compiled and 3000 copies of them were distributed .
5 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the galnewa ranaviru village .
repairs maintenance – building .
number of loans granted in 2011 05 .
b improving the process of granting professional accreditation .
bilingual facilitation booths established in morawewa and walapane district secretariats were provided with infrastructure facilities .
maintenance officer .
30122014 52014 authorization for incurring expenditure for 2015 and public expenditure management .
b a sum of had been paid to the institute of construction, training and development during the year under review in respect of office rent, value added tax and electricity charges for the years 2013 and 2014 without entering into a formal rent agreement .
tar patching sets, .
12 management’s responsibility for the financial statements .
subsequent recoveries of amounts previously writtenoff are against distribution cost in the income statement .
the strengthening of law, access to justice and social integration .
accordingly, the advertisements published in 2015 have been given below .
provision for capital for the development of aranery schools .
data collection .
prize giving ceremony for the students who passed the examination was held on 18th october 2014 at new kathiresan hall, bambalapity .
name mr im gunasekara .
the staff of the set department contributed their services for quiet number of programmes .
vesak for children .
tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity .
name mrs wm soma wijekoon .
license to manufacture country made foreign spirits from spirits distilled from the coconut or any of its products other than toddy .
installation steel and cast iron gates and fencing .
accordingly, the department of national budget has continued purchasing vehicles for government agencies by calling competitive bidding from the state leasing companies of banks .
senior mechanical superiendent .
new year ob monaragala, .
language training programmes for army officers .
financial assistance provided to 13 hindu temples under the occasion of providing funds for “kumbabisekam .
angili salakuna .
expenditure heading 3 infrastructure for ranaviru villages rvsa0805 .
23 1 with holding tax .
auctioneer’s license .
board of management .
rajathasara programme .
planning and compiling of policy to implement the official language policy .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the vicechancellor of the university from time to time .
4 operating review .
productivity promotion .
4000 copies of pillaiyaar kathai was published and distributed .
sinhala, tamil and muslim students of 04 selected schools in vanathawilluwa and kalpitiya divisional secretariats .
best editing .
certificates and cash are awarded for the students who got the highest marks in national level and district level .
name mr dm abeyrathne .
the budget 2014 was mainly based on the development policy framework of the government and on the strategies identified therein .
annex 55 .
327 conducting dialogues involving religious leaders and community leaders towards enhancing social harmony .
vision of the ranaviru sewa authority .
instances of noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions observed during the course of audit are given below .
tele drama series .
52, ariyadasa peiris mw, .
cash flows from operating activities .
classes commenced in 2015 .
dina asiriya, .
training classes to improve language ability of hindu priest and aranery school teachers were started in august 2014 in batticaloa and jaffna districts .
as at 31st december 2011 .
04establishment of bilingual facilitation booths at district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who made to retire while on duty on doctor’s recommendations .
type of vehicle .
efp equipment .
accrual telephone ranaviru rimem benivo project .
traning instructors .
loan impairment gain .
d to enable .
name mr rrks ganegoda .
all material post balance sheet events have been considered and disclosed or adjusted, where applicable .
balangoda meda koralegama land .
powder coating use to the anticorrosion protection for pipeline, valves fittings .
vat control ac .
a provision for gratuity .
traveling subsidence foreign .
electrical consumables .
capital allowances .
this included both capital and recurrent expenditure namely, salaries and wages, welfare, operational expenses such as electricity, water, stationery fuel, diet, uniforms and the expenditure related to development programmes .
15 cash, bank balance deposits as call .
the retention money payable to the contractors and the deductions made from the staff for nopay leave had been credited to the deposit account under noncurrent liabilities .
03 seminars on residential teaching method have been conducted for aranery teachers .
wildlife resources conservation .
setting up of bilingual facilitation booths .
no of paymentcompleted scholarships in the year 2011 .
no of vacancies .
village housing loans are granted for following purposes .
the key function of this unit is producing documentary programmes .
a recovery of acreage tax .
3 udupila delgoda .
hindu religious research conference .
language training programmes for doctors .
it is of special significance that the officers, who have been selected by ministries, provincial secretariats and district secretariats, contributing their technical expertise in the preparation of language plans .
attention had not been paid to the possibility of identifying and settling those balances .
finishing of gates .
4 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the virusahana ranaviru village .
sugar industry development .
physical progress .
an awareness programme under the awareness programme of creating awareness among field officers in the government institutions located in bilingual administrative areas under the instruction of the hon minister of national dialogues, was held for officers of colombo mmc and field officers of affiliated institutions on 20151130 at the auditorium of the department of training, mmc colombo .
81 suruthy boxes and 80 thalams were purchased this year .
as for the efficient implementation of the official language policy, it is of great importance that the awareness of public officers implementing the official language policy needs to be enhanced .
official address zonal education office, hakmana .
approach for the year 2011 .
public services .
b inappropriate disclosures .
workshop on the batik industry .
the main function was held at john de silva theatre ,colombo 7 on 07042011 .
ordered by preference .
efp support .
maha shiva rathri day .
providing training for hindu priest .
20,000 copies of the sinhalatamil alphabet books were printed as per the recommendations of the report of the committee appointed for identifying strategies for enhancing language proficiency of the public officers .
the majority of applicants who applied for the medical relief loan programme during the last years were war heroes in service .
best current affairs programme .
gamini vidyalaya .
‍however, three designers had failed to reach that target .
they are included in current assets as maturities are lower than 12 months after the end of the reporting period .
significant variances were observed between the budgeted and the actual income and expenditure for the year under review, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of control .
name mrs oc nilushani .
computer hardware maintenance, sri lanka rupavahini corporation website wwwrupavahinilk development and maintenance and inhouse software application development carried out by ict staff .
annual progress summory of scholarship project .
burns scalds davum pilissum .
annual report 2013 .
denuwara zone .
designation additional provincial director of education control .
sitha nivana katha, single episode tele drama – telecast every poya day .
department of national budget .
those winners included 310 who excelled in education, sports, esthetics, languages and activities out of subject .
wednesday, 23 august 2017 .
sunday, 27 august 2017 .
3 intervening in solving requests and problems forwarded by the ranaviru village members and coordinating with outside institutions where necessary .
information and communication technology unit managing sri lanka rupavahini corporation lan with active passive components including 290 computers with 90 printers with 15 servers including web server, mail server with 1000 email accounts, application servers, time attendance server etc .
14 2 donations forigen .
representing the treasury at the committee on public accounts copa meetings on matters related to advance accounts .
one objective is to create an awareness on language rights among general public and thereby create an interest towards a bilingual public service .
state resources and enterprise development .
ayurvedic medical council 2012 .
name mr dmnp dissanayake .
01 revenue .
b committee on establishing data bases related to indigenous traditional knowledge .
advances for purchases amounting to 100 per cent had been granted surpassing the circular provisions in the procurement of goods and services to ensure obtaining goods and services quickly and efficiently .
number of loans targeted for 2011 20 .
eye diseases akshi roga .
ii the dependants of the members of the armed forces and police force who have been killed or are missing in action to have access to education and higher education by the provision of scholarships and other forms of assistance .
in the year 2014, the department carried out a wide range of activities in relation to the implementation of budget 2014 as well as preparation of annual budget of 2015 within the medium term expenditure framework, 2015–2017, as given in table 11 .
no of programmes .
in the statement of financial position, bank overdrafts are within borrowing in current liabilities .
through this, five talented children were selected as finalists and graded as “a” grade singers of sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
an attempt has been made through the newsletter “apurwa nadee” at opening a dialogue among various sectors of the society about the importance of achieving national harmony through bilingual skills .
name mr n nanthakumar .
women programmes .
dec 0617 .
1 balagolla .
the programme ‘u i’ commenced with the intention of promoting the english language was popular programme among the viewers .
the unit contributed a great deal by undertaking the makeup for the “ranaviru real star” reality tv program in 2012 .
an updated register on information in respect of ayurvedic practitioners, dispensers, and nurses registered in the ayurvedic medical council as at 31 december 2012 had not been presented for audit .
the types of gates .
c the training programmes targeted for holding under 09 sections within the period according to the action plan for the year 2012 had not been held as planned .
commissioner of excise – finance – slas .
list of new training programs conducted by department of excise for the year 2010 .
zonal education office, vithanage mw, colombo02 .
gross profit .
vishva gaveshi drama .
01012014 12014 authorization for incurring expenditure for 2014 and public expenditure management .
under this programme, officers coming under the purview of anuradhapura, kandy, kurunegala, nuwaraeliya and rathnapura districts have been provided with the training concerned .
miscellaneous income .
2 gomarankadawela .
our division, under the allocated vote, was unable to organize any programme other than gathering information .
official address zonal education office, galenbindunuwewa .
annex 36 .
official languages commission .
sri nagalinga vairavar aranery school, .
31 management inefficiencies .
total liabilities .
facilitating projects for social transformation and cohesion .
the nonexistence of a permanent building to house the ranaviru sewa authority is the main problem encountered by the authority from in the inception .
conducting special language training courses in sinhala,tamil and english languages for persons belonging to special categories such as interpreters, translators and stenographers .
while this programme was conducted with the objective of fostering mutual understanding among religions at divisional secretariats and building mutual trust and thereby building a society with mutual respect for each other, multireligious groups, teachers and students of damma schools, civil security group, community leaders, youth teams and government employees participated in the programme .
total depreciation .
the 150hour course consisting of 100 hours of oral and 50 hours of written training,these programmes were conducted island wide .
in line with sri lanka rupavahini corporation’s 30th anniversary, an awarding ceremony was organized for the staff members of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, who have completed a service of over 25 years .
income tax liability .
official address provincial department of education, welagedara road, badulla .
annual salary .
gee sara, .
v mapiya surekuma programme .
hire of motor vehicles .
oct 10,11 .
4 letters referred to the kekirawa pradeshiya sabha for necessary action in connection with on going construction work of pre school building at kekirawa ranaviru village .
41 internal audit .
sivasakthi aranery school, .
updating software at the provincial offices monthly and daily referring of them to officers in charge of provinces .
balance as as 01st january 2011 .
3 mahiyangana .
mobile services were conducted in the ds divisions of ayagama, palmadulla and kiri ella in ratnapura district, hangurankethe and walapone in n’eliya district and hali ella in badulla district .
ensure the fast contest delivery to the whole world with zero down time .
8 sinhala and tamil new year live .
anula gee sara .
cash generated from operations .
adjustment in deemed dividend 2011 .
retirement benefit obligation gratuity .
license fee for microsoft product other expenses .
three wheelers were gifted to 170 disabled war heroes .
324 social integration programme for orphans and single parented children .
06 foods obtained from the army .
also, certificate awarding ceremony in relation to the 2nd semester 2014, was held under the auspicious of honminister a mano ganesan in 2015 .
33 legal action instituted against by the institute .
office furniture equipment .
further, information on registered ayurvedic practitioners published via the internet had not been updated and an updated register had not been prepared according to each district .
124 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations, and management decisions .
hingurana peranigama damana .
following operations were carried out .
english training center .
02 other operating income .
kapilawasthu tooth relic take in procession live telecast katunayake .
language ability for hindu priest and aranery school teachers .
recruitment scheme .
099 concessionary loan project .
17 auditor general’s report .
november 514 .
sri buvaneswary ampal temple, thellipalai .
accordingly, of the 91 complaints received by commission in 2015,46 complaints have been resolved .
10 preperation of results sheets .
vesak celebration .
nov 11 21 .
appropriation act for 2014 .
foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction .
granting approval for vehicle procurements, not included in the leasing method .
86 no of groups 2 .
the world sports programme featuring international events conducted in english was telecasted weekly on channel eye .
the above total provision was utilized as follows .
d public enterprises circular no ped50 of 28 july 2008 and public administration circular no2299 of 08 october 1999 .
deduru oya .
fund for rupavahini museum .
making provisions for setting up of trilingual sign boards at the cancer institute in maharagama to reflect upon the implementation of the official language policy .
e subcommittee for the conservation of veterinary medical practice .
scholarships initiated with contributions from donors .
basic salary .
teldeniya zone .
our mission statement .
premium for accident life insurance .
124 lack of evidence for audit .
conducting an initial survey and reviewing it .
uniform to staff .
donation for lands .
the division all took the initiative to follow up on all due payments of completed programmes and met the payment obligations by the respective deadlines .
annex 48 .
housing loan programme community .
quarantine information .
the number of projects and activities that the set department fulfilled in 2012 are as follows .
sunday lankadeepa .
spare parts – eng 1 .
plantation industries .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation was able to make considerable savings by purchasing new jib arm equipment, eliminating the necessity to hire from external parties .
speedy computerization of information in respect of each project .
rivira media pvt ltd .
the following matters were discussed here .
it was not confirmed that action had been taken to review properly and implement this corporate plan or to evaluate the performance .
entertainment bar license .
manufacturing licenses .
08 shortterm training programmes for governmentsemigovernment institutions were planned to be conducted in the year 2015 .
commercial air time 2012 .
the commission consists of six members, appointed by his excellency the president .
supplementary licenses to extend the hours of sale .
publicity propaganda 25 .
acceptance tests .
monitoring of advance accounts .
under the programme of providing financial assistance for the rehabilitation of hindu religious organizations, fund was granted for the repairs of bahavan sri sthya saibava building and pilgrimage from ampara to kathiragama .
the grants have been amortized at the rate of 20 per annum .
binari teledrama .
up to 31st december 2014 in the department .
name mr hg abeyrathna .
a public finance circular no pf423 of 22 december 2006 paragraph 4 3 c .
b update of the registration of ayurvedic medical practitioners .
3 balangoda .
vii information on frauds .
moreover, the editing of the visuals gathered through internet by the f t p technique .
purchase of teledrama .
programmes are also operative from the children’s scholarship and mental empowerment programmes .
appoint date .
official address zonal education office, puttalam .
internal audit division .
total investment income .
high court civil appeals .
generating knowledgeable translators and interpreters of sinhala, tamil and english languages to be recruited in the national translators' and interpreters' service established by written law .
wholesale license .
c treasury circular no 1a1200202 of 28 november 2002 .
granting skills development loans 2011 .
creating an awareness on the legal responsibility of public servants in providing a bilingual public service could be said as the other objective of this programme .
accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer .
03 problems encountered by the staff due to inadequacy of space in the office .
property, plant and equipment .
to make family members of war heroes a group bringing with selfconfidence and skills by making an attitudinal change in them .
annex 50 .
performance of the operational activities of this department is based on the broader scope of public finance management and planning of the ministry of finance and planning and overall mandate of the department of national budget .
national institute of language education and training and its performance .
the etv unit project under the theme of “jathika pasala” was assisted by the producers of documentary unit .
feb 12, 13 .
the responsibility is to provide space, tidiness and attractiveness in the units and divisions .
300 hac .
kalutara district committee meeting on 22082011 .
2011 targeted number of financial assistance .
057 festival advance .
saturday, 12 august 2017 .
miyasi visaka .
issuance of senior citizens' identity cards steps were taken to provide senior citizens with photos free of charge and thereby to provide nics .
4 ganga ihala korale .
foreign trainingseminarsmeetings .
advance to employees programme .
revbaddegama wimalawansa thero mawatha, .
with the fullest support from the it unit, the news division was able to telecast the election results successfully .
aneex 10 .
accordingly, the advance account activities of the year 2014 have been carried out within the approved limits .
iv programs, publicity and purchase expenses .
linking with various institutions to meet the needs of family members of war heroes through skills development project .
annex 20 .
these payments made to the officers on the basis on being on duty throughout the year without obtaining leave is an unrealistic situation .
while officers are sent to other institutions in order to provide them with opportunities for training, a programme was implemented including all the officers of the staff .
british council has been selected by the undp to implement the programme on youth are the representatives of bringing about changes in social integration and transformation .
issuance of budget circulars giving instructions on expenditure management .
commencing programmes on facilitation of language plans in ministries .
112 acres .
overall target .
conducted at bhothikshinarama vihara, vavuniya from 23082014 to 24082014 .
13 education skills and economic development division .
rehabilitation of hindu temples north east .
the total mileage of travel undertaken by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation transport unit in the year 2012 was 1,579,976 km out of which 1,178,120 km were covered by corporation’s vehicles, and 401,856 km were covered by the hired vehicles .
civil engineering unit .
since this encyclopedia is an useful document to all tamil speaking hindu people in the world, president of malaysian thiruvakku thirupeedam came forward to republish this encyclopedia .
release of cassette consisting essays submitted in the research seminar, suvioner,12th compilation of hindu encylopedia and thiruvasaka songs .
improvement deterioration in the financial results as compared with preceding year as a percentage .
click on the image to view complete organization structure in a new window .
name mrs ua samarakone .
annex 25 .
09 conducting competitions .
water tank of sri muthumaariyamman temple, parappukadanthan, mannar .
interest received .
i members of the armed forces and the police force who were disabled in action and .
legal fees .
sama geetha – peace songs .
tables, cupboards, stools and other timber furniture are produced on customer request .
annex 53 .
financial status .
i, whilst appreciating the services of all management staff and members of the staff of our department who had extended their cooperation for providing admirable contribution for our efforts to achieve the targets in 2014, no doubt they deserve my gratitude .
it was reported that the information relating to the exports division for the years 2008 and 2009 had been deleted from the computer, but such information for the year 2010 and 2011 had not been also produced to audit .
new year and nethra anniversary .
senior management .
screen print name boards .
schedule calendar .
bradby shield rugby encounter first stage colombo, second stage kandy .
with the objective of building social integration , events related to social integration are held with the collaboration of other institutions or financing them are done by our ministry .
the supplementary support services and contingent liabilities project treasury miscellaneous vote tmv continued to be implemented by the treasury as a tool for the prudent management of public expenditure in 2014 in order to provide funds for unforeseen urgent requirements while preventing ad hoc supplementary budget estimates .
a arrears of income .
automobile and .
because of that reason, an awareness creation programme with regard to the official languages policy was held for leading private hospitals in the district of colombo on 28082015 at the auditorium of the central bank, “center for banking studies”, ragagiriya .
special jury award for documentary programme .
items included in the financial statements of the corporation are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates .
obtain​ing assistance from private medical development division of the ministry of health with regard to implementation of the recommendations aforesaid .
322 mobile services for providing legal documents .
a fixed assets .
this unit undertakes necessary makeup for the artists who take part in take part in the production program of sri lanka rupavahini corporation from 530am to 1030pm on a daily basis .
deputy director general finance manager .
certain training programmes had not executed at all .
the chairman had informed that initial action had been taken at present to discuss with the institution relating to the security bonds concerned and to take appropriate subjects for arbitration .
reference to laws, rules, regulations and management decision .
the marketing division operates under the purview of deputy director general marketing and in order to carry out its functions efficiently, the marketing division is divided into following main units .
following observations are made .
preparing cabinet papers .
hence as an alternative arrangements have been made to issue identity cards to close relatives of ranaviru families using the data base from 2012 .
while the service of a pool of expert resource persons is obtained in conducting the above island wide programmes, the staff of the institute has been working with a sense of dedication .
e grant of advances .
gratuity piad .
particulars on the staff of the medical council as at 31 december 2012 are given below .
matugama zone .
equipment were provided to two language labs located at department of official languages and national institute of language education and training as well .
positioncheif accountant .
written 08 .
name mrs omvp mudalige .
4payment of 3rd installment for the construction of textile building of the ibbagamuwa ranaviru village .
the high commissioners and ambassadors in diverse countries make statements for their respective countries, celebrating national and republican days those statements were recorded by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation the coordination part of this was handled by the ir unit .
reimbursement of electricity charges sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
activated rana viru community members attraction .
from thanthirimale .
the lease principal amount payable to the lessor bank of ceylon is shown as a noncurrent liability current liability .
nov 23 dec 4 .
provision of financial assistance for the building a bath room with a security fence for use of the disabled war heroes as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face in the day today work .
supporting the uttama puja pranama medals presentaion .
matugama–constructing a toilet for the community hall located at 79 c badugama nawajanapada in matugama divisional secretariat .
financial planning and budgeting .
transport loan .
headwise expenditures which were disaggregated in terms of projects and by object codes with sources of financing presented to parliament in the printed estimates along with the budget speech .
library stock .
f to set up industrial, agricultural or commercial ventures with a view to providing employment to the .
it is important to note that the teledramas produced during this year won many accolades and were able to capture the intended target audience .
official address zonal education office, walasmulla .
4 wellawaya .
tsunami fund .
drama division .
preparation of the hand book of issuesolutions to manage the calls received by the language call center with regard to preparation of language plans .
record room .
the authority provided only one artificial foot .
monitoring whether the establishment code, financial regulation, public administration, treasury and other circulars and instructions are adhered to .
financial other write offs .
while many private channels resort to extreme commercialism in the midst of intense competition we continue to honour our national responsibility and cater to audiences without compromising good taste and higher standards .
plant equipment .
number of essays .
events calendar .
02conducting language proficiency examinations .
they are sinhala and tamil sections .
steps were taken to prepare 2000 copies of the guidelines book and 2000 cds of the same for devising language plans in government institutions .
eye tune english songs telecast through channel eye and ntv channel .
3 during olympic station 03 lobby was taken as a expanded studio to provide live coverage .
610 fee levying study courses .
assisting the secretary to the ministry in the capacity of chief accounting officer to implement the financial obligations of the ministry and be accountable for the parliament .
arrangements were to ensure the members’ participation in the national ranaviru day ceremony .
ulaha valem, .
presidents and secretaries of all community were informed by letters about the national ranaviru day .
statement of directors’ responsibility .
38 cash and cash equivalents .
473 of the national channel’s airtime sponsorship, which amounted to 28455 hours, while 25 13210 hours of the channel eye airtime gained sponsorship in 2012 .
1 ranviru community project .
26122014 152 ii guidelines for provisions of relief to the public in an emergency disaster situation and restoration of damaged areas .
sports unit .
sector of hindu encyclopedia .
persons who sought single counseling support were referred to the counseling officer of the department of social services at the closest divisional secretariat, as there is no suitable place in the building, where the head office is temporarily housed .
during the year 2014, 07 queries were referred to this department by the auditor general and all the quarries were duly answered .
textile loan .
number of employees retired .
selection of a public institution with skills for membership survey .
monday, 21 august 2017 .
this unit is managed by the deputy director general production services who is also responsible for the administration and supervision of the channel eye, nethra and ntv channels .
reviewing random samples with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in institutions audited up to 2014 .
arrangements were made to provide housing aid to 38 persons in the anuradhapura district in view of the deyata kirula programme .
implementing relevant programmes in sri lanka with regard to implementing the official languages policy, monitoring the implementation of the official languages policy and taking policy decisions are performed by language division .
balangoda zone .
april 03,04 .
rehabilitation of capital assets .
programmes that won local accolades during 2012 .
the project for enforcement of law, access to justice and social integration was initiated based on the experience gathered from i and ii phases of equal access to justice project .
uva province .
audit opinion .
sending letters to all the community presidents regarding the housing aid .
see today .
nikaweratiya zone .
43 budgetary control .
works and services related information can be obtained from works manager .
taking all necessary measures and implementing them to ensure the use of the languages referred to in article 18 of the constitution hereinafter referred to as the “relevant languages”in accordance with the spirit and intent of chapter iv of the constitution .
to achieve financial stability and growth to run as a commercially viable autonomous state enterprise .
internal administration of the ministry .
development of a preschool in huseniyagamapura in puttalam .
name mr vk jayarathne .
official address zonal education office, kalegana, galle .
nov 1627 .
mulatiyana hakmana zone .
health sector has been our major customer more than four decades and originally provided mostly steel furniture with painted finish for most of the hospitals .
nov 25 dec 06 .
ac systems in out broadcasting vehicles, ob – 1, ob 2, head line van slow motion bus etc .
location of centers .
the supplies unit too comes under the purview of the finance division .
mullathive, kilinochchi, mannar, batticaloa, trincomalee, ampara, ratnapura, badulla and nuwara eliya districts .
personal emoluments .
827 programme on representation of younger society in bringing about change in the process of social integration .
kandy zone .
airtime analysis .
bad debts provision .
the division was headed by the director administration .
approved no of officers .
09 monetary allocations .
03 sessions on planning of curriculums .
contract basis .
in terms of the budget circular no 114 of 31122003, figures of the above table comprised only the transactions occurred under the advance account item no 240under 011, within the department .
the spiritual leadership training and capacity building programme which improve the spiritual and capacity building of youth are conducted every year .
retirement benefit obligation .
sakvittho teledrama .
investigating complaints with regard to violation of language rights is a primary task of the commission .
web url .
july 17 26 .
the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled .
while center for policy alternatives is contracted to implement this activity, preparation of questionnaires, instructions and training of enumerators for the pilot survey have been completed .
‘friday’s nugasevana’, ‘saturday ayubowan’, ‘thirasara’, ‘rasa mohootha’ and ‘ayubowewa’ are notable within the programmes .
sivagami aranery school, .
batahira ahasa aththidiya, .
a register for computers, computer accessories, and software had not been maintained .
under the initiative, the weaknesses in implementing the official language policy in the above institutions are being identified by rechecking the check list .
the news division played a significant role by telecasting live coverage of dayata kirula, vesak and poson festival .
5 ukuwela .
police craftsmanship .
debtors turnover ratio .
accrual news paper .
key functions .
renovated the 2d 3d animation studio .
jana madhya hamuwa .
according to the information furnished, the particulars of income, expenditure, and the net operating results for the year ended 31 december 2012 and the 6 preceding years are given below .
division wise financial progress 2014 .
ippadikku sattam .
thus, a number of articles on buddhism and social integration, importance of multilingualism and insightful artistic songs at stimulating interethnic feelings have been successfully released .
power and air conditioning unit .
iii even though there were unusual delays in settlement of advances, supervision had not been carried out in this regard .
as at 1st january 2009 .
boc psychosocial project .
name mr na handunpathirana .
the project of corporate plan for the period of year 2013 – 2017 was successfully completed and released .
development assistant .
1 school age children of war heroes who have died or have become disabled due to causes outside operations and belong to the category of low income families .
this project was put into action under the assistance of chairman of milco and intervention of sri lanka rupavahini corporation welfare society and his outlet was opened as another canteen where the staff could buy milk, short eats and other similar food items .
reference to laws, rules and regulations .
this circular is available in the marketing branch and those who are interested may contact marketing manager or can be down loaded from the following url, httpwwwgovtfactorygovlk .
c during the year under review, 497 employees out of a total of 540 employees of the corporation were voluntarily compensated and retired .
budget 3 spiritual and social programmes .
55 establishing and promoting language circles in school level and implementing school programmes via them .
based on these positive results, the program for strengthening law enforcement, equitable access to justice and social cohesion has been built by structuring and improving some of these coordinating units, leading to more radical reforms in justice .
052 loan .
watupitiwala ranaviru village .
the main purpose of this initiative was to maintain these institutions as models that set examples to other government institutions related to this subject .
security – contract suppliers .
annex 42 .
according to the above table,only 04 classes were not held in 2015 .
additional allocation .
table 1 – depreciation rates of ppe .
the structure of these programmes is designed so as to give the target groups an understanding of the official language policy and legal provisions, policy framework of social integration, the role of the ministry and its affiliated institutions, implementing the official language policy .
best lighting of the year .
the management planning bill for maintaining a good management of the provincial centers has been handed over to the ministry .
the first programme of it was conducted for 25 officers from 22042015 to 24042015 .
03 official members and 05 members appointed by hon minister will be appointmented as members for this fund .
3the progress of institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogues and national languages .
promotional expenses .
establishing library facilities at rassagala tamil vidyalaya and rassagala sinhala vidyalaya .
conducting workshops for computer instructors .
statement of changes in equity .
salaries allowances – contract staff .
advance account of public officers .
overcoming challenges in the market, we have surpassed our projected targets of income, signifying yet another major achievement .
the media coverage of the london olympics from the 24th of june to the 15th of august 2012 was carried out with great responsibility .
list of publications .
annex 15 .
it has been conducted on 19th and 20th of april in badulla for the hindu aranery schools youth in badulla and nuwara eliya districts, 5th and 6th of september in kilinochchi hindu college for aranery schools youths in kilinochchi, october at mankulam sivasatkunanathar achrama for aranery schools youth in mullaitivu, vavuniya and mannar and 22nd and 23rd december in ramakrishna mission hall, colombo for aranery schools youths in kegalle .
zonal education office, wellawaya .
lease interest suspense ac .
boc general account .
administration of anaipanthi gurukula building, jaffna .
operating activities of the council during the year under review and the analytical review of financial results as compared with the preceding year are given below .
name hon shan wijayalal de silva .
paramitha live telecast .
customs overtime and cargo examination fees fund 2012 .
tamil tele drama – 01, .
kekirawa ranaviru village .
“iniya vasamtham” hindu buddhist integrated programme from ministry allocation .
8 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the pelendagoda ranaviru village .
02 meegahakiula land, badulla .
the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs was established on 1st of january 1986, to preserve, promote and propagate, hindu religion and hindu culture of sri lanka .
development of lands insfastructor facilities .
guideline book for administration of hindu temples .
the following observations are made relating to this cost of personnel .
public relation .
divisional secretariat thihagoda .
name mr jkva jayalath .
manager logistic .
construction guarantee fund .
name mrsunil skarunathilaka .
even though the centre had prepared an action plan for the year under review, it had failed to achieve the expected objectives .
office in colombo .
tuesday, 22 august 2017 .
no of loans granted .
divisional secretariat thanamalwila .
difficulty in translating certain technical words and using them .
therefore inventories are valued at their cost .
i take this opportunity to add a few words to the performance report and annual accounts for 2014 of the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
management of assets of the ministry .
when a trade receivable is uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account for trade receivable .
advance account actual amount against the prescribed limits .
programme on preparing language plans .
contact name .
the various services rendered by the units and subunits of this division over this year have also been given in summary from below and this division is supervised by the deputy director general engineering .
statement of director’s responsibility .
monday, 05 august 2013 0938 .
uniform materials are provided to aranery school students annually with free of charge by this department .
9 sri lanka rupavahini corporation lan fiber ring upgrade as a phrase .
32 currencies .
annual progress in summary .
official address zonal education office, hatton .
official address zonal education office, teldeniya .
these financial statements were authorized for issue by board of directors on 2nd april 2013 .
assistant manager for hindu pilgrimage guest house .
321 social integration week .
311national languages development programme .
the documentary unit is responsible of producing the “sunday ayubowan” program televised on every third sunday of the month .
torrington avenue, .
official address zonal education office, ambalangoda .
under the task of providing necessary inputs for making translation work efficient,a sinhalatamil autotranslation software is now being prepared in collaboration with the university of moratuwa .
best singer .
311 registration of practitioners .
12 purchasing sports items for distribution among ranaviru villages .
5 passara .
we made arrangements to gather information from ranaviru community regarding the two prime programmes namely ranaviru community federation and the annual awareness programme under this action, information in respect of community office bears and community accounts was collected .
preservation, promotion and propagation of hindu religion, hindu religious education, hindu culture and arts and renovation of hindu temples .
up to 22082012 .
warrants were issued by he the president as the minister of finance on 04 12 2014 .
94066 2233542 .
health medical officers training center, kopay .
annual report 2005 .
preparation of draft annual budget estimates in consultation with spending agencies and relevant departments of the treasury .
bradby shield rugby, .
kurunegaladevelopment programme for special needs children under “apen obata athwelak” in kurunegalafive selected divisional secretariats in the district .
15th asian junior athletic championship live telecast for 03 days from sugathadaasa stadium .
the main objective of this programme is to enhance the radio listeners’ awareness of the role of the ministry, the language policy and the social integration policy .
while 38 programmes of it were broadcast, action was also taken to broadcast it in the ministry on every wednesday .
rebuilt the toilet of engineering division .
these messages will include a greeting along with messages with regard to the language rights of people and the responsibilities of public officers .
name mr msa jaleel .
allocation of money to divisional secretaries for development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes in collaboration with the divisional secretariat .
18082014 21082014 .
29122014 152 iii special circular for provision of relief to victims of prevailing disaster situations .
b even though the corporation incurred losses continuously up to the year 2011, it was observed that the corporation earned profits in the year 2012 due to the reforms undertaken .
project progress .
unlawfully sale and position of heroin .
official address zonal education office, killinochchi .
best upcoming actor nominee .
the enforcement of the poisons, opium and dangerous drugs ordinance .
galnewa ranaviru village .
projects operating expenses .
the methodology for the payment of rewards for commendable work, acts of bravery, or acts of special recognition in terms of section 45 of the excise notification no 818 of 04 march 1994 had not been made effective even by 31 october 2013 .
special matters discussed .
boils ulcers gedi vana .
i action had not been taken to maintain a register of petty cash imprest or to carry out adequate supervision for the year under review .
ampara district committee meeting on 04082011 .
02 provision of technical assistance for implementation of the official language policy .
live telecast of this was commenced from december within sri lanka rupavahini corporation's new premises .
bills issued for hospitalization, spectacles and opd consultations were paid .
coordinating “deyata kirula” development programme2014 .
the objective of this project is to grant concessionary the loans under housing loan programme in order to raise wellbeing of the ranaviru families economically and mentally .
b staff control .
finance manager .
a group of 54 officers belonging to institutions affiliated to the ministry and field officers was identified and given technical training on preparation of language plans under two programmes on training of trainers .
gazette notifications .
corporation’s contribution to the defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the income statement when incurrent .
the results to be achieved by the above steps .
the ranaviru sewa authority had a stall at the deyata kirula exhibition grounds at buttala held from 4th to 9th february to communicate to the people the government’s development drive with the participation of all government organizations and the private sector .
corporation entertainment .
national ranaviru day function was successfully held at the ranaviru monument at the parliamentary sports ground with the participation of he the president and the secretary of defence .
vesak poson celebrations .
parttime training programmes conducted for public officers .
implementation of various projects with the objective of building national harmony and mutual understanding among people in different areas of the country is another fuction being carried out by the language associations .
north and east province .
name mr k rizwi yahzar .
34 existence of the corporation .
however, an audit had been carried out by the ministry of indigenous medicine only in one instance in the year 2011 .
the evidence required for the identification of these amounts had not been furnished to audit .
the retirement of 497 employees in the year under review and the production done on the piece rate basis had affected the decrease of the cost of sales and the total expenditure by 50 per cent and 41 per cent respectively .
hence we made aware of provincial officers about all programmes, break down of allocation of provisions, provincial wise, and organization of these programmes in 2011 .
in 2009 it was able to buy a permanent building on galle road , near bambalapitiya, the modification of that building to suit to an office with more upper floors was started in 2010 .
services wise .
a register of fixed assets had not been maintained for computers, computer accessories, and software .
allowance for aranery school teachers for library books .
1 kantale .
issued permits to all those members .
g inland revenue act no 10 of 2006 .
official address zonal education office,thirukkovil .
name mr ma wimalasena .
cost per person .
nugasevana mondays thursdays .
acting director marketing .
north central province .
sunday, 20 august 2017 .
ext no .
large flags .
road maintenance equipment .
special programmes are conducted in temples to celebrate guru pooja days of hindu saints .
the inventions handed over included 205 inventions needed for the craftsmen and 86 graphic designs .
training expenditure – internal .
we believe that as a result of this action we were able to fulfill the necessities of war heroes more effectively .
11 4 saving account interest income .
a strategic marketing plan designed for marketing promotion profitable for the corporation though the identification of its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats had not been prepared for the year 2012 .
distress and bicycle loans .
this web site has been launched on 27 september 2010 .
project of the programme .
maintenance ranaviru monuments and parks and making payments .
5 collection of new information of ranaviru villages and computerization of it .
as at the end of the year 2014, the approved cadre and the actual cadre of the department were as follows .
tsunami fund payable .
health clinic .
a circular in this regard has been issued to schools by the ministry of education .
best actress .
while formulating a standard form in writing the common names of all sri lankan districts, cities and villages in sinhala, tamil and english is another objective, the task was not implemented as it was implemented by the department of survey with its representation .
youth games, .
income tax over provision for the year 2010 .
in recognition of the artistic talents contributed through the electronic media .
92 no of groups 2 .
b eight items of accounts .
373 provisions – other receivables .
mailapitiya park maintenance .
getting deeds or licenses .
products classification .
printed media notices .
there is a decline in the of number of requests for medical relief loans received this year in comparison to other years, this is due to army welfare unit introducing a special medical loan programme in 2011 for members of the army in service .
we have made representations to the treasury on the instructions of the management board of the ranaviru sewa authority on this status and the necessity and a workshop was also held with a view to planning our next course of action .
“rupavahini jathika pasala” commenced in 2011 and was telecast continuously throughout 2012, is a formal educational program produced by the unit and was dedicated to students sitting for gce al .
click here .
general hospitalkandy .
so subsequently recommendations sent to institutions concerned recommendations issued during the year are as follows .
disciplinary activities .
accordingly, the national budget department continued reviewing the requests for procurement of vehicles by various government agencies and given approvals .
electronic equipment .
number of participants .
in the first stage, textbooks for first 5 grades have been reformed and ready to print .
081 facilitation for social cohesion and transformation projects .
maintenance of the ranaviru data base .
64progress review and supervision training programmes for teachers .
transport allowance .
a sri lanka customs had not taken the instructors of the commissioner general of inland revenues into consideration in deducting the pay as you earn tax on the rewards paid to the officers .
nov 1829 .
commercial contra expenses .
fund balance at the end of the year 2012 .
33 identified losses .
charges for the year 2012 .
best educational cultural programme .
all other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of comprehensive income within ‘other losses gains’ .
seminars to government school teachers who teach hindu religion .
14 war hero honor and dignity division .
advice and coordinate with the statutory boards on the other financial and management issues such as implementation of mega capital projects etc .
labour and labour relations .
11 land project .
youth programmes .
registration fees .
housing project operating expenses .
as records of the overtime cost on the investigations had not been separately maintained, the overtime cost incurred on investigations could not be computed .
13 christmas mid night mass .
construction, engineering services, housing and common amenities .
it is notified that all public institutions shall prepare a strategic plan to implement the policy on official languages as per the public circular no 182009 .
number of cases filed by sri lanka rupavahini corporation during the year 2012 .
referred the requests for housing aid received from close relatives of war heroes who have died from nonoperational causes to project manager for the preparation of the list and necessary action .
bharathy children home, mullaitivu .
financial progress of the language division .
local trainings .
interest income .
h professional development programmes .
the commissioner of the official languages department shall be the official secretary to the commission .
madhu zone .
information on all circulars issued and acts passed thus far pertaining to the implementation of the official language policy are made available to the public officers through this book .
expenses for ntv channel block vote .
divisional secretariat seethawaka .
access to education is one of the goals of the policy of social integration .
8 regional remembrance parks and halls .
puththam putu kaalai, .
international relations unit .
directors of the corporation in 2012 .
official address zonal education office, balangoda .
training programs conducted in collaboration with foreign training institutions .
planning and development of curriculums .
short term second languages training courses for newly recruited government officersdoctors, administrative officers and other professionals .
language training programme for national integration coordination officers .
number of traditionalspecial practitioners for eye diseases akshi roga, skin diseases charma roga, boils ulcers gedi vana, and burns scalds davum pilissum had increased by a number less than 05 in the year 2012 in relation to the year 2011 and traditionalspecial practitioners had not been registered under hydrophobia jalabhithika, hos compresses moxibustions vidum pilissum and other, after the year 2010 .
these books will be published in june 2015 .
1st week of october onwards .
the enforcement of the excise ordinance and the tobacco tax act .
batahira ahasa adaraneeya yavvanaya live .
nonrefundable tender deposits .
story of cricket sri lanka .
water management gates repairs .
number of special reports submitted to chairman 24 .
no of officers .
d identification of the code of professional ethics of the ayurvedic medical practitioners .
the themes required for news, including all the graphic dealings, are performed by the graphic unit .
water supply and drainage .
loan ratio .
1 world volleyball tournament of the disabled held in kampuchea 2011 .
accrual publication royalty .
overtime fund .
air time analysis 2012 .
thirunagar, kilinochchi .
the aim of this effort is to identify the different self employment projects specified to some areas in the country and educate the interested ranaviru families to be engaged in them .
financial assistance for the rehabilitation of temples in order to deyata kirula exhibition .
52 language audits .
the financial statements for the year under review had not been prepared based on the new sri lanka accounting standards effective from 01 january 2012 .
motor cycles .
studio 1 .
powder coating technology has been introduced from 2009 for steel products, especially hospital furniture .
yodha wawa .
even though it had been informed that the medical council had decided on 03 april 2012 to carry out future activities after approval of revised ethics, the said legal drafts had not been approved up to june 2013 .
the live telecast of news headling from 555am to 625am is also another production of this unit .
click here to apply online .
1 rambwa .
c security deposits had not been obtained in connection with certain debtors' balances .
2 programme 02 .
another duty entrusted to this unit is to enter the highstandard programs made by various sri lanka rupavahini corporation producers or international competitions and award ceremonies .
psychological workshop .
utilization of sri lanka rupavahini corporation facilities foreign .
ii housing loans .
progress of granting self employment loans trade wise .
tomiyai kitiyai animated programme .
c advances control .
mapiya surakum programme .
name mr klhemarathne .
i the above factory had been closed down over 10 years ago .
vanakkam nethra, .
3 supplying prizes for the aurudu festival conducted by the nugedolawattha ranaviru village .
performance as per the action plan .
government functions .
the standard total assets to external loan ratio of a business institution should be 11 .
improvement of the earning capacity of families of those dead, missing, retired with disability and in service war heroes who have done much for safe guarding the country and the people, through enhancing capacity while imparting practical and theoretical knowledge in different fields to suit to their education qualifications and talents .
external service .
iiranaviru village programme .
a overtime fund .
officers of the ministry and its affiliated institutions, representing sinhala and tamil mediums attended the workshop .
monday, 28 august 2017 .
independence day special pooja kegalle .
compilation of project reports .
making necessary arrangements to present the appropriation bill to parliament in first week of oct, 2014 .
the programs organized by the public relations unit include .
vilayattu manjari, .
legal assistant .
divisional secretariat ambalantota .
10 methodologies to achieve targets and objectives .
programme on prevention of drugs was held in killinochchi in which 59 youths participated .
staff of the ranaviru sewa authority .
applicant's name .
4 deficiencies in systems and controls .
staff welfare .
talent show .
programme for preparation of the syllabus for step i and ii of the 60hour tamil language programmes intended for the national integration coordination officers recruited and a total of around 05 such programmes were conducted in 2015 .
recovery unit .
wattegama zone .
meetings and seminars .
civil aviation .
operational activities .
musical instrument .
painting is the main finishing method for all types of gates depending on the salinity of water the different painting techniques are used .
four workshops were held in 2011 in 04 provinces .
45 essays were submitted as research essays in 15 sessions of these 3 days .
the functions of the planning division .
11 qualified audit opinion .
i community project .
facilitation of the performance of the responsibility conferred on the legislature for the management of public finance, by provision and distribution of resources for efficient delivery of public services and for the achievement of the development objectives of the government .
progress, from 20140101 to 20141231 .
the financial statements of the corporation have been prepared in accordance with sri lanka financial reporting standards ‘slfrs’ .
from 09 districts namely jaffna, kilinochchi, batticaloa, galle, badulla, vavuniya and ratnapura 14 programmes were conducted .
triangle shape .
it also expected to improve their savings habit as this system allows the account holder to make private contributions to it .
maternal and child health .
the following instances of noncompliance were observed during the course of audit .
nellandaiyamman aranery school, .
the chairman had informed that the attorney general had given advice stating that it was not necessary to implement the circular relating to staff and the board of trustees had taken action according to their discretion under item 4 of the deed of trust .
name mr wm piyasena .
maintenance unit 11 .
the mtef presents its financial plans towards specific targets within the context of sectorial policy strategies while paying particular attention to the management of public expenditure .
the ranaviru real star reality tv program .
taking part in the religious programme held at the kebithigollewa bodhiraja temple organized by kotavehera ranaviru community .
travel grants .
annex 34 .
educating the housing aid recipients .
promoting hindu religious education and encouraging to preserve moral values in aranery schools .
nsb hapan scholarship ol,al .
the book “moovar thamilum saivanerium” which was submitted in the previous year research seminar, 12th compilation of hindu encyclopedia and thiruvasaka songs cassette were released .
this unit produces programs catering to muslim viewers .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the agrarian development fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
091 personal emoluments .
11 opinion .
official address provincial department of education, welagedara rd, badulla .
name mrs hknnadeeshani .
rehabilitation of hindu temples and institutions .
the source of these funds was from the general public, in response to various campaigns carried out by the corporation aftermath the tsunami catastrophe, in the year 2004 the account balance is given in the table below .
music programs .
maintenance of physical resources including building and vehicles .
national youth games .
hire of transport facilities current affairs .
053 service charges .
recurrent expenditure .
daha ata sanniya shanthi karmaya .
subsequently, the ministry contributed towards 18 programmes of “subharathividiyum velai” during the period from october to december 2015 .
the challenges that lie ahead grow ever more complex than those we have left behind .
arrangements were made to pay monthly allowance to trainees of the national apprenticeship board while being attached to provincial offices .
name mr am roman .
payments for maintenance services .
21 qualified opinion .
name mr sa alagiyawanna .
223 accounts receivables and payables .
name ms s kavitha .
parliament passed the appropriation bill on 24 11 2014 .
meegahakiula land .
i psychosocial project .
acting auditor general .
major equipment repairs 157 .
workshop parliamentary briefing on sustainable immunization financing .
the provision for bad debts for employee advances has been made to reflect the amounts outstanding with respect to employees who are no longer in service either retired or resigned with sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
08 discissions were conducted by the advisory committee relating 12th compilation of hindu encyclopedia and printing of rare books .
galleproviding learning materials and stationeries essential to the special education units of two schools in thavalama .
since we have taken several steps to improve the status of office building and staff we expect that we would be able to provide more efficient and useful service for the ranaviru community .
rehabilitation of hindu temples .
828 programme on young journalists as changing agents of social integration .
works and services .
buddha sasana and religious affairs .
innovation research projects .
annual deficit surplus .
divisional secretariat badalkumbura .
the total telecast hours over the channel eye was 56243h, of which 52761 hours of airtime was allocated to telecast programs over the channel .
name mrs mts de silva .
bridal dressing .
therefore, the responsible parties have not paid their attention to the contribution for the protection of the public revenue .
under the above programme, the official languages commission expects to establish language circles in all the schools located island wide .
taking steps to create a learningfriendly environment in a school for children in negombo .
accrual office furniture equipments .
current affairs unit .
“poya discussion” – poya discussion program .
127 transactions not supported by authority .
658 c diulwewa .
management assistant .
while the dialogue helped each member get an awareness of the religious and cultural facts of others, it also focused on the disputes taking place among religions and as to how they could be resolved .
table 5 – the employee loan provision as at 31122012 .
the directors have taken responsible measures to safeguard the assets of the corporation and to establish appropriate systems of internal controls in order to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities .
self employment traning programme .
12 children’s day .
steps have already been taken to transform the studio within next year .
subsequently, the compilation of the following hand books on preparation of language plans of the government institutions took place .
sinhala hindu new year programme .
instructors fees .
receipt of financial assistance .
nevertheless, the management of the corporation had not paid attention to the appointment of the committee even up to the end of the year under review .
subsections 3 and 4 of the section 13 of the finance act, no 38 of 1971 give discretionary powers to the auditor general to determine the scope and extent of the audit .
b distribution of rewards and expenditure control .
the responsibility is to provide files promptly at the request of officers for purpose of administrative, legal or any other official matter .
5 being paid money for renovation of play compound .
accordingly, each spending agency was categorized into said sectors, depending on the activity undertaken .
33 operating inefficiencies .
making arrangements for the unveiling of a ranaviru monument erected by naththandiya ranaviru community .
even though the total number of medical practitioners registered by 31 december 2012 was 20,713, the number of names of the medical practitioners entered in the official web site of the ayurvedic medical council was 3,000 .
avururdu teledrama – 01, .
held to maturity financial assets .
the temples in jaffna, mullaitivu, batticaloa, ampara, trincomalee and further 76 temples have been selected and started to write essays until now .
name mrs inwejewardana .
the amount of last six monthsjuly to december .
university of jaffna .
8 dompe .
aesthetic education branch .
year 2011 .
this project was commenced at a cost of 46 million and expected to expand urgently .
focus was made during this year on organizing programmes of the ranaviru sewa authority that did not hider to the corporate plan and the working programme of the authority .
slr 15 from income tax .
11 data and information division .
it was a great achievement that all the nominations for the documentary programs were from the sri lanka rupavahini corporation documentary unit at the award ceremonies .
general physician .
client debtors .
this year too, the print media was used to promote all channels and also to give publicity to various programs being telecast, through the publicity and media unit .
8 provincial ranaviru seminars were held .
subscription fees .
annex 22 .
the finance division is organized around the functions of revenue, payments, salaries, bookkeeping and the costing unit .
in 2011 plans were prepared in this regard .
information related brand names in sinhala and tamil were gathered, letters were sent to 75 institutions to find the sinhala and tamil equivalents to them accordingly, 95 brand names were received from 25 institutions and work pertaining to 27 brand names of 05 institutions has been completed and handed over to those institutions .
i the accuracy of the balance of stocks shown in the balance sheet as at 31 december 2012 could not be established as the stock books had not been maintained externally from the stores .
best supporting actress nominee .
14 attending a concert of preschool children of watupitiwala ranaviru village and inspection tour to walbotale ranaviru village .
amount paid .
since 2012, bilingual facilitation booths have been in the process of being established with a view to enhance facilities for the people to get their service done in the language of their choice .
dudaru kusalatha programme .
the unavailability of a proper procedure for the accurate computation of the tax to the government from the customs officers receiving a number of allowances is a contentious matter .
that had not been rectified even by the end of the year under review .
total equity and liabilities .
apuru iskole mahatthaya .
salaries other allowances .
many documentary programs were produced and telecast under the various topics on nature, personalities, history, archaeology and human life .
the scholarship count 0f the children of war heroes in the year 2011 .
letters received from the war heroes for securing help in solving problems such as getting deeds or licenses for the land they settled on and getting the approval for building a house are referred to institutions concerned requesting priority for them .
05 social and cultural division .
zonal education office,haliela,badulla .
formulating policies, programmes, projects regarding the subjects of departments and statutory bodies under the subject of national coexistence and the ministry and monitoring and evaluating them .
on the first sunday of every month .
name mrs gamsp ambanwela .
vavuniya south zone .
among them, the programmes mentioned below have been conducted .
grant approval for the purchase of new vehicles required by these enterprises .
northern provincial centre .
promotion of national and international language proficiency .
this programme is meant to evaluate the skills of children of hose dead or missing, disabled and in service war heroes and their siblings .
schedulesdetails of calculations .
donation housing .
a in relation to year 2008, registration of all types of other practitioners except diploma holders had decreased in the year 2012 .
compiling the handbook of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans at ministerial and departmental level took place .
increase of income from surety bonds .
submit reports before the deadlines .
financial regulation 1752 .
trincomalee zone .
ranga boomi .
750 copies of the book “moovar thamilum saivanerium” consisting 40 research essays in 644 pages were printed and published .
tamil language training programme for doctors .
kaveetha talent .
2 psychosocial support project .
chithrameny vairavar temple, jaffna .
a scheme to restructure the sri lanka rupavahini corporation organization was undertaken in order to streamline the recruitment process and the promotion scheme .
no of winners .
as at 31 december 2010 .
name mr ps nonis .
non current liabilities .
defined benefits obligations paid .
salariesallowances – .
in view of the following factors it was observed that the existence of the corporation is uncertain .
315 revenue .
giving consultancy services for preparation of specifications and product development to cater local needs and requirement of general public .
reviewing with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in institution audited up to 2014 .
10 purchasing dancing items for distribution among ranaviru villages .
bakinigahawela muslim maha vidyalaya .
rambakenna oya project .
date and place .
foreign trainingsseminars meetings .
labour commissioner .
18102011dehiattakandiya army camp .
in line with the above program, 206 language classes have been established covering the 25 districts with a view to enhancing sinhala and tamil language learning skills a well as improving bilingualism .
accessories of cast iron gates are available for sale .
concessionary loans are also available for the present members of the armed forces and the police, the loans percentages are army 40, navy 15, air force15, police 25 .
jathika pasala, .
anuradhapura district committee meeting on 18082011 .
accordingly, provisions are to be made next year to galle mahamodara teaching hospital ,nuwaraeliya police station and trincomalee base hospital which have sent project reports .
apart from that, the graphic unit supports the functions that belong to the current affairs unit and create the graphics for programs as well .
joining with the recreation club of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, organized the annual new year festival for sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff .
language training programmes for the general public .
compiling and selling of textbooks and guide books for the language proficiency tests of public officers .
accordingly, 65,050 meters uniform materials have been purchased in 3 stages and provided to 22, 857 aranery school students including 10,968 male students and 11, 889 female students of 13 districts of kandy, matale, nuwara eliya, batticaloa, kaluthara, jaffna, mannar, kilinochchi, mullaitivu,badulla, colombo, galle and ratnapura .
the technical guidance required in this regard will be provided by the officers of the language division who have been trained in preparing language plans .
e to assist .
designation accountant .
programmes conducted for doctors .
maintenance of water elevations in canals and spillways .
in parallel to this programme, during the ranaviru remembrance week declared by the president may 11 to 18th, arrangements were made to hold various programmes throughout the islandranaviru remembrance functions were held under the patronage of provincial governors .
some war heroes having applied for a block of land from the mahaweli authority requested our recommendation for it .
125 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
d staff management .
christmas program .
procurement of foreign programme .
05 granting self employment loans .
the scheduling unit supports the marketing division to fulfil their income targets by proper scheduling and telecasting of advertisements obtained from clients through healthy relationships .
telephone no .
nugasevana new set, .
6 to uplift family members of war heroes with self confidence .
bank overdraft – boc corporate branch .
arrangements were made to provide the donors with details of recipient children to whom they will provide aid .
awareness creation among heads of private hospitals with regard to the official languages policy .
news papers .
use of these tools will enhance the opportunity of delivering the general public the bilingual services .
progress in awarding educational scholarships in 2011 .
as per the request of school teachers, and students, the classes were conducted for the students who learn hindu religion and hinduism .
the language circle consists of a panel which includes student representing each class, the principal and teachers .
ii ranaviru villages project .
b debtors .
following products or parts of the products can also be powder coated .
sending letters to divisional secretariats for gathering information on unidentified blocks of land in all districts .
divisional secretariat, mallawapitiya .
name mr aud premathilaka .
b settlement of deposit accounts .
table 52 foreign trainingsseminars meetings 2014 .
table 21 utilization of provisions 2014 .
ranaviru flage sales income .
22 finance leases .
under the project to promote tamil arts, seminar on falk tamil arts was conducted on 10th, 11th and 12th october at navatkuda hindu culture hall, batticaloa .
adarsha ranaviru gammana programme .
01 nonreceipt of adequate support from certain provincial officers in organizing workshops generally being held outside the head quarters .
4 for participating in a karate competition held in india .
organizational structure of the department of excise .
gathering data with community , grama niladari,and divisional secretary .
handicraft production .
preserving umatic cassettes and preparations to preserve cassettes using xd cam technology .
according to the policy planning of the government, aranery schools were started in 1989 .
following programmes were produced as block bookings using studio facilities .
providing necessary funds for setting up of trilingual sign boards at government institutions with a view to reflecting upon the implementation of the official language policy is yet another worthwhile initiative implemented by the language division .
table 53 local trainings .
“cafe classics” – music program, old hits, live telecast .
salaries wages .
042 treasury bill investment .
ii out of the petty cash imprest amounting to retained during the year under review, a balance exceeding had been retained continuously as cash in hand .
01 the following projects are being implemented for bringing the ranaviru families into the society with strong morale and a pride he vision .
jathika pasala alevel drama theatre .
however, other related programmes are also produced .
research on hindu religion and culture .
it establishes provisions here appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities .
these gates consists of various parts such as, housing, seat, slide, base plate, wedge block, brass or gun metal nut, operating handle or wheel, threaded spindle, extension bars, anchor bolts and nuts etc cast iron sluice gates are one of our standard products .
walave super cross, .
to comomorate 12th anniversary of dharmasiri senanayake .
in 2015, 11862 sinhala medium students and 11793 tamil medium students were benefitted out of these programmes .
agrarian development fund 2012 .
while steps were taken to provide the people with an opportunity to obtain all these services in one place, all these services were provided to the people free of charge without any interruption .
incidental expenses – foreign travel .
of them the following are the key programmes .
defense and urban development .
bank of ceylon ranaviru rimem benivo project .
promotion of falk arts .
technical training on preparation of language plans .
50 computer centers are being effectively run by the authority as of the end of 2011 .
documentary evidence not made available .
this programme has been designed to provide financial contributions, advise and make direction the upgrading the skills and technological proficiency in various fields .
annex 17 .
even though the audit committee should meet at least once in three months in terms of the public enterprises circular no ped31 of 01 july 2005, only two meetings had been held in the year 2012 .
deputy commissioner of excise administration – slas .
agrarian service department .
district committee meetings of badulla and monaragala of uva province were held on 07th 08th of may 2011 .
superintended of excise .
implementing the recommendations given in relation to the implementation of the official language policy in accordance with the national policy on the protection of human rights .
accrual translations fees concessionary loan project .
other sources of income recognized in the income statement are given as a note to the income statement .
issuance of national budget circular nos 157 157i in this regard .
b financial regulations 756 .
trained country .
35finance division .
property, plant equipment .
from december 2010, the multi camera unit commenced its field service and was able to curtail the number of staff involved at a production which helped in lowering the budget of program production during the year 2012 .
unlawfully bottling of liquorarrack .
the service of the army forces, private security as well as the security officers of sri lanka rupavahini corporation is taken to fulfil the services .
d container examinations .
the ranaviru sewa authority has introduced this housing loan scheme to make the dream of a house of ranaviru families a reality .
2 directing donations from local and overseas donors who are interested in the welfare of war heroes .
in the year 2012, the sinhala hindu new year event was held covering 09 provinces the entire island and it included cycling, avurudu kumari contest and elle as well .
informationa regarding the new recruites can be obtained from the information management officer .
several numbers of special surveys were done despite the data analysis of lmrb .
annex 38 .
land ministry and other institutes .
london olympic 2012, .
islandwide awareness programme for general publicprinted media advertisements .
general administration .
our functions .
d revision of the syllabus for the registration of traditional medical practitioners .
official address zonal education office, matugama .
providing funds for the development of infrastructure facilities of a mixed school with less facilities located in monaragala .
sitha nivana katha – 10, .
name mr ma rathnasiri .
implementation of official languages policy and related matters .
a even though in terms of section 111 e of part iii of the ayurvedic act no 31 of 1961, 03 members elected out of registered ayurvedic practitioners should be included in the composition of the council, no practitioners registered in the council had been included in it .
this project has established a casual level mechanism to create a connected approach and thereby access justiceoriented institutions .
guard corporal .
44,047 results sheets and 297 certificates oldhave been issued .
4 programmes conducted in collaboration with the national language project from 01012015 to 31052015 only .
economic development .
ntv channel .
type of investment .
purchase of copy production tv right .
to commemorate vesak .
official address zonal education office, walapone .
sale of clothes .
confirmation of balances relating to outstanding debts of 158 institutions .
regulating and evaluating the activities undertaken by the ministry and the institutions under it .
“nena mihira” program which is an educational support program for students sitting the grade 5 scholarship examination became popular amongst the students .
official address zonal education office, kuliyapitiya .
stainless steel, .
it was observed that the budget had not been used as an effective management control, as the budget revealed quantitative variances between income and expenditure, and actual revenue and expenditure .
20072014 23072014 .
amadam sisilasa .
special live cultural traditional program .
table 7 – a the policy for amortization of acquired or procured programmes and inhouse produced programmes .
formulating policies, creating dialogues, guiding and facilitating in order to build a developed society with rights of all communities ensured, mutual respect and coexistence and implementing a relevant programme to achieve them .
programme to promote friendship of colombo district community members held on 22042011 .
cassettes tapes in the library .
programmes conducted with family planning association .
indigenous medicine .
divisional secretariat bamunakotuwa .
loan other receivable .
common difficulties .
providing language training and education to suitable persons and awarding certificates and diplomas to those who successfully complete such language training and education .
table 3 – the client debtors provision as at 31122012 .
this unit comprises a staff with 30 years’ experience that could maintain quality and technically high standard of the programs and provide service on shift duty basis continuously .
amount of expenditure for the authority funded scholarships – rs 233350000 .
accrual janitorial service expenses .
the payment of money in aid was suspended since the beneficiary children have completed their studies and two children had died .
kaleliya adarsha kanishta vidyalaya .
this youth camp includes programmes to develop leadership and skills, lectures by university lecturers, music as a medium of social integration in establishing reconciliation amongst the youth, programmes on methods of teaching tamil, sinhala and english languages and avenues for youths to expose their talents .
bank overdraft .
141 advance deposits .
ensuring socialization by effecting changes in knowledge, attitude and skills of vulnerable people .
given the current commercial and economic conditions, good financial management is indeed a challenging task .
nov 26 dec 07 .
emergency gates are used in reservoirs .
2the structure of the institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
even though the centre had prepared and presented a procurement plan for the year 2012, that had not been prepared based on the action plan of the centre in terms of the national budget circular .
12–day shortterm nonresidential training courses for public officers .
stock held for the use of the corporation not for sale .
introducing and implementing necessary programmes of dialogues essential for reestablishment of solidarity and coexistence among ethnic groups .
navarathri function .
the objective of this youth camp is to create a young society knit with wholeheartedly by creating social integration based on peace, coexistence and social integration among youths of different ethnic groups .
name hon chandima rasaputhra .
deferred tax .
a whilst this project provides the necessary technical input, it also shares experience and lessons learnt from similar previous programmes .
bank balance boc corporate branch .
data in respect of new beneficiaries .
sihina hathak, .
matara thihaagoda,fostering national unity in the hearts of the children by wall painting .
the following observation is made in this connection .
name mr hbsk gunawardhana .
language division .
23 analysis of financial ratios .
for over three decades we have been fulfilling our national obligation while remaining at the forefront of mass communication on behalf of all sri lankans .
project number and name 03 .
no of programme .
expenditure of project .
job no .
official address zonal education office, gampaha .
name mr mk kentharamoorthy .
organized the participation of the wives of war heroes for the indonesian cultural show held on 07092011 at bmich .
special scholarship donation .
a series of workshops on “rupavahini jathika pasala – gce ol” have been conducted to coincide with the ‘dayata kirula 2013’ which was held in the ampara district .
official address zonal education office, thambuththegama .
official address zonal education office, trincomalee north, morawewa .
installation of ac units for the following units .
2 supplying loudspeakers .
11 drawing cheques for presenting cash prizes .
accordingly, this workshop was held on 08102015 at central bank auditorium “center for banking studies”, rajagiriya .
i am proud to state that we were able to achieve the significant role expected from our department according to the government policies during 2014 in an efficient and productive manner .
account balance .
name mr bmsss basnayake .
equity and liabilities .
cost of personnel for the year under review is given below .
01distribution three wheelers 2011 .
asian championship, .
03 contribution to the language road map programme .
construction of quarters of married officers 5,033,574 .
even though a period of 03 years had elapsed after the break down of about 20 feet of the side wall constructed near the sports ground and the car park, that had not been repaired .
6supplying cash prizes for winners from 1st to 6th place of the home gardening contest of the walbotale ranaviru village .
1 community project .
satellite related charges foreign .
my comments and observations which i consider should be published with the annual report of the corporation in terms of section 142c of the finance act appear in this report .
this unit consists of 19 staff members .
page number .
teaching international languages just as sinhala, tamil, and english languages and holding examinations with the application of modern technology .
1043 identity cards exceeding the target of 1000 were issued in 2011 to close relatives of ranaviru families .
divisional secretariat yatinuwara .
82project for enforcement of law, accessing justice and strengthening of social integration .
ob duties 54 .
6 supplying bags for the salawa ranaviru village .
registrations of new marriages30 couples, who had been living together without married, were registered free of charge in 2015 .
ranaviru suwada .
published policies .
arrangements have been made with the civil defence ministry and the department of prison to clear the land that is donated to the authority and those earmarked for distribution in collaboration with divisional secretariats .
computer requisites .
the aim of this unit is to winning all nominations in the documentary category in all future award ceremonies too .
loans and receivables are nonderivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market .
name mr waruna alahakone .
official address chief minister's office, uva provincial council,raja veediya, badulla .
comprehensive income for the period .
money was spent on welfare services in the year 2011 with the approval of the management board according to the budget containing provisions for 05 areas of the authority and the media .
the first ever military reality musical program in the world titled “ranaviru real star” was supervised and produced throughout the year 2012 successfully by this unit .
name boards made by using the letters .
implementation of the recommendations of the officers' committee report in relation to the acquisition of language proficiency by public officers .
awareness programme for government officers .
spoken sinhalatamil language training courses under language circles national programme .
avurudu udanaya .
special projects under the skills development projects .
accessories of gates .
official address zonal education office, vadamaradchi, point pedro .
name mravijayanantha moorthy .
the specialty of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation library is the way it is maintaining the information both in print and visual media for program productions .
excise station .
annual report 2007 .
rhythm chat .
restaurant license .
siyambalanduwe athage nikama yama .
221 sri lanka accounting standards .
no of registered aranery schools 1,887 .
preparation of medium term expenditure framework mtef over a period of 03 years .
name mrsp kuganeswary .
other charges clients .
list of new training programs conducted by slida .
children entertainment program .
a child suffering from a bone disease .
along with the 43 vehicles which belong to the sri lanka rupavahini corporation fleet, another 10 more vehicles were hired to ensure uninterrupted service .
education scholarshipsgce ol,al .
exuding printing stationary .
the needs assessment workshop with regard to carrying out technical training for preparation of language plans of the government institutions was conducted with the contribution of the asia foundation .
this programme is implemented nationally by the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and ministry of justice, ministry of child development and women’s affairs .
with the concept of crown to nation, an exhibition was taken place from 21st january to 2nd february 2014 in vayamba university, kurunagala .
noncurrent liabilities .
license to manufacture malt liquor .
31languages division .
nagahakanda estate in madurawela .
this happens at a time they need much money for the education of the child .
national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
completed no .
04122014 42014 incur expenditure within the revised budget estimates for 2014 .
advertisement – tender recruitment .
home industrial tranning programme .
further, details of monthly running charts relating to utilization of vehicles had not been prepared showing the distance travelled along with the milometer and utilization of fuel .
sujatha diyaniya .
land expences .
during the year 2014, the department has given approval for purchase of 1496 vehicles and n0 of vehicles purchased by each category stated the table below .
postgraduate degree economis .
syllabuses and books were printed for this .
best female presenter of the year .
samayal gallery .
12 physical and mental empowerment division .
air force motor race, .
noncompliance with the following laws, rules, regulations and management decisions were observed .
institutional commitment towards the implementation of the official language policy .
ministry of health .
manushya single episode drama .
short term investment .
accrual meadia activities of all project payable .
duration of the training .
9 buddhabivanda vesak programme .
appropriation bill for 2014 .
41 corporate plan .
digana rajawella ranaviru village .
05102011kilinochchi army camp .
designation additional zonal director of education .
this process involves a continuous consultation with the line ministries, departments, statutory agencies of the government and the relevant treasury departments .
this is a fulfilment of the corporation’s objective for children’s programs in 2013 .
a child suffering from an eye ailment .
guru poojas for 90 hindu saints have been conducted in 16 districts namely jaffna, galle, ratnapura, colombo, badulla, nuwara eliya, mullaitivu, kandy, trincomalee, mannar, ampara, batticaloa, matale, gampaha, puttalam and polonnaruwa .
accordingly, though the overtime paid from the fund to all officers who conducted the investigation should be deducted from the fines income, it had not been so done and brought to account as an expenditure of the customs overtime fund .
miscellaneous items .
southern province .
under this programme, essential basic facilities such as rehabilitation of preschools, children parks, health facilities, elders' homes, community centres and supplying drinking water, rehabilitating bridges, roads, school buildings were carried out .
2 perahettiya .
government management assistant .
the number of students who participated in the degree courses conducted by the staff college in the year under review had been 102 as compared with the participation of 83 students in the preceding year .
the cg that is required for news also complies with the unit .
if i am unable to participate the selected course without an accepted medical certificate i agree to the course fees being deducted from my salary .
all employees of the corporation are members of the employees’ provident fund epf and employees’ trust fund etf, to contribute 15 and 3 respectively of such employees’ basic salary or wages, cost of living and meal allowance non executive employees .
55, meegahawatta, .
on requests as and when received allocation for 2011 .
mal gudi day .
rotherham circuit meet, motor competitions live telecast from katukurunda for 07 hours .
additionally, we were able to add a high standard visual quality for drama and musical productions as we purchased a special effect filter and a clay box .
accordingly, hqis of police stations, heads of local governments and other officials as well as school students have been acquainted with the legal provisions with regards to the implementation of the official language policy .
flap gates use for barrages .
awarding of ranaviru uttama puja medals took place in 17 districts .
since providing a basic knowledge on preparation of the language plans of the targeted institutions was one of the objectives of these programmes, the requisite technical knowledge was also provided with the officers .
salaries allowances – permanent staff .
advanced procurement notices .
provisions transferred to other heads under project .
evidence indicated against the following items had not been furnished to audit .
ranaviru children’s savings investment scholarships .
ps no 2014286 third instalment part i funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
financial other charges .
services rendered, .
total statutory income .
feb 20 march 02 .
steps were taken by official languages commission to establish language circles with a long term objective of generating a trilingual environment in sri lanka through developing knowledge, attitudes and skills of school children with regard to the official languages policy .
096 others .
makeup unit .
a documentary programme on kachchatheevu island produced to depict the extensive freedom for travelling within the territory of sri lanka, after regaining unity .
04 ranaviru honor and dignity division .
5 polpitigama .
the official languages commission has been established under the provisions of the official languages commission act no 18 of 1991 .
rana viru gammana prejasala .
during 2011 under the skills development loan scheme loans were given to 13 beneficiaries selected from among close relatives daughter, son, wife of war heroes who had sacrificed their lives for the country and those presently in the service serving the country and for parents and siblings of the unmarried, for taking part in international competitions in accordance with their talents to bring glory to the country .
sale of sweets .
this event was held in colombo on 24042015 .
these radial gates are used for the following reasons .
activities engaged in other projects of the authority .
02 peperation of paper advertisement calling for applications and publishing it in newspapers conducted by calling quotations .
reference to laws, rules, regulations etc, .
ranaviru real star – final programme’s set, .
4 respect and dignity of war heroes .
rental for tx stations .
371 provisions – trade receivables client debtor .
the following hindu religious books were purchased for the reference purpose of aranery school students .
ratnapurabuilding social integration by establishing cooperative education programme in balangoda .
social security .
maha sivarathri pooja .
greeting pertaining to poson festival .
officers of this department attended meetings of the committee on public accounts copa held to examine the auditor general’s reports on advance accounts in 2014, in parliament .
35 from net profit allowable losses bf .
compiling of trilingual glossaries .
distribution of new scholarships began 2011 district wise .
supplied furniture to music unit .
b balances receivable and payable .
handa maama golden jubilee programme live telecast sri lanka broadcasting corporation .
1 the mcr received 02 nle adobe cs 60 work stations for drama editing .
the activities under taken during this assignment include looking after the welfare of the disabled war heroes and their family members, encouraging them to initiate self employment programmes as a measure of enhancing the economy, guiding for bhawana for boosting of the morale and spiritual wellbeing and presentation of cultural items for their entertainment with the participation of resource persons these workshops are held for two days at the provincial level .
sanda ranga madala .
01 inadequacy of remaining service period of most of the medical relief applicants being an obstacle in releasing loans .
the principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below .
designation hon minister of education .
special advance .
over 350 teachers and students participated and benefitted .
actions had not been taken for the recovery of such money while advances had been further granted to those suppliers .
badulla zone .
1 to establish an effective communication through mobilizing individual ranaviru families scattered all over the island in a manner bringing honor and dignity to the ranaviru name .
“merry christmas” – special christmas music program .
motor vehicle material .
kalutaraproviding wooden furniture for diri daru piyasa children’s home children with mental retardationbandaragama .
tv sets .
statement of cash flows .
also, issuing of result sheet printed on a special protective paper for all candidates was commenced this year .
even though the budget for every financial year should be prepared and approved by the governing body not later than three months prior to the beginning of the relevant financial year, the budget for the year 2012 had been approved on 27 february 2013 .
gazette notice .
botanical gardens and public recreation .
even though internal audit programmes had been prepared for the year 2012, the internal audit had not been done according to the programmes .
obligation management .
rise and shine, .
number of cases filed against sri lanka rupavahini corporation during the year 2012 .
name mrs kg sirima .
ascertaining the reliability of the accounting and other reports and checking if the recognized accounting methods employed provide the information necessary for the preparation of correct financial statements .
accounting software .
in addition, the national budget department was responsible in releasing the funds timely for the projects and programmes approved by the cabinet ensuring their smooth implementation .
sri katpakappillaiyar temple, thelpethatha, badulla .
issuing passports, issuing certificates of justice of peace steps were also taken to provide affidavits in relation to nic’s, birth, marriage and death certificates .
issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
‘sarisara’ –the beach traveler is a popular documentary programme series produced by us .
prices for standard products can be obtained from marketing manager .
choose destination .
cheques valued rupees one lakh for each temple were provided to 363 hindu temples through divisional secretaries for the rehabilitation in northern and eastern provinces .
special license .
further, photographs of 10 famous temples in jaffna have also been taken .
01 finding land .
ii the client debtors are generated at the time of supplying the air time on credit basis by the corporation .
if the image is not clear click on it for a new image .
new sets .
the value of the following constructions shown under the “workinprogress’ from the year 2011 remained unchanged even by 31 december 2012 .
once you forward your inquiry reply is given either telephone or on line or by post, whichever way you to convenience .
official address zonal education office, kandy .
annex 31 .
2 nugedolawatta .
head quarters of the authority .
accordingly, the language division provided necessary provisions for implementing sustainable development programmes necessary to implement the official language policy .
procurement of goods and services .
in such cases their details will be collected through applications and those details will be forwarded to welfare directorate for approval .
official address zonal education office, muthur .
31 basis of preparation .
sri saptha kanny temple, vadduvagal, mullaitivu .
however the division has been successful in directing the corporation’s financial management so as to safeguard the financial stability and financial independence of the corporation .
03divisions of ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and their performance .
film city – interview with national short film producers .
setsprops current affairs .
annex 32 .
official address zonal education office, thunukkai, mallavi mmv, mallavi .
mediacla clinic .
finance leases payable noncurrent portion .
annual report 2015 .
during the first day of this event, “thiruvathavurarum saivanerium”, 1000 published copies of this souvenir was printed and distributed to the participants with free of charge .
health alerts .
during the year 2011, the ranaviru sewa authority implemented a number of projects and programmes to discharge this supreme functions and i state with gratitude to all those who supported in this endeavor that it reflects the collective efforts of all of us rendered for the provision of the significant service for the rananiru community amidst various difficulties .
distrest loan .
poson live telecast thanthirimale, .
the supplies unit, coming under the preview of the finance division, procured all the necessary items both capital and noncapital goods and services to support the production, direction and telecast of programmes on the main channel rupavahini, chanel eye nethra and ntv .
this is done under religious, cultural and traditional themes enabling the muslim community to be in touch with their religion and culture .
more than i year .
4 medawachchiya .
ridee tharaka popular sinhala chart show .
sessions of pre–research workshop on teaching lessons in the sinhala textbook–level iv .
previous website .
name mrs ka chandrawathie .
special pooja and spiritual cultural programmes were conducted with the assistance of the department on 20th march at sivan temple, ratnapura in order to celebrate maha sivarathri fasting .
these programmes are carried out such a way that the benefits of them reach all the people living in the society .
mass media and information .
membership fees for professional executives .
the purchased vehicles have been distributed among government agencies on the basis of a need assessment conducted by the department of national budget in consultation with relevant agencies .
sep 4 14 .
when compared to the mileage of last year, this year shows a duduction of 79145 km .
name mrs kmncgunarahna .
camera power adaptor chargers fault repairs .
national design centre 2012 .
03 our functions .
project budget .
nbt on sale of tv time .
conducted at kopay christian college, jaffna from 20062014 to 22062014 .
these books have been distributed to the government institutions on priority based requests .
the staff of the ranaviru sewa authority comprises of permanent, contract and employees who are seconded for service .
boc education project .
general sir john kotalawala defence university 2012 .
administration expenditure .
director security services .
there are several ethnic groups based on race, caste, religious beliefs, cultural background and gender living in the society .
several courses organized by the institute are held at the training center located at galewatta in agalawatta .
3 ranaviru common welfare activities .
phone directory .
railway refreshment room license .
35 other production expenses .
all universities and affiliated institutions in the western province took part in this workshop .
sanda diya dothak, .
the board of directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these financial statements .
advance for room charges .
02 bilingual public action programme .
evaluation line ministry .
03 supported the initial organizing work and participated in ranaviru day function .
incentive gratuity compensation .
responsibilities and roles .
performance report 2014 .
table 1 development of ranaviru database .
officers from private medical services development division the regulatory institution of private hospitals of the ministry of health and the chairman, representing the association of private hospitals and nursing homes also participated in this programme .
that had not been paid even up to 30 september 2013 .
13 english instructors participated in this workshop .
the unit conducted an ayurvedic medical camp for sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff in association with ministry of indigenous medicines .
hospital furniture .
3000 copies of each1st and 2nd edition of “ gopuram” which consists of information about the department have been published and distributed and 1000 copies of each 1st and 2nd edition of “panpadu” which is department research book have also been printed and distributed .
in 2012 focus will be directed on the following matters .
divisional secretariat, mahawewa .
colomboprotecting children by preventing child abuse and harassment of children from taking place in timbirigasyaya .
national institute of language education and training was established under the provision of the national institute of language education and training act no 26 of 2007 as a statutory body under the ministry of national languages and social integration with the objective of implementing the trilingual policy of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka .
electricity power .
awareness creation programme among deans and secretaries of universities in western province, with regard to the official languages policy .
under this programme, funds were provided to the national institute of language education and training for conducting language classes .
9 related party disclosures .
products, tools and equipments for roads maintenance are manufactured on customer request .
sri kathirvelautha swamy temple, rokkanthanai estate, hali ela .
divisional secretariat, elahera .
ihala ambatenna .
generating suitable and skilful teachers to train teachers of sinhala, tamil and english translators and interpreters .
over 7200 hindu people got benefits .
following activities mentioned in the annual action plan in the year 2012 had not been carried out .
3 education, skills and economic development .
occasional license .
officers from about 27 private hospitals took part in this programme .
actions had not been taken to fill 09 vacancies in the middle level and 15 vacancies in the secondary level .
a programme to provide school equipment to school children of marginalized groups, who have a single guardian or lost their parents, has been implemented by our ministry in order to help them gain access to education .
postgraduate diploma in economic development .
deyata kirula – exhibition .
tax – economic service charge esc .
since its inception to date in the 12 years of existence the authority has marched forward overcoming various obstacles and difficulties during this limited period of time but gained huge experiences that are incomparable .
the telecommunication regulatory commission contributed for the development of infrastructure of computer centers this year .
name mrjsdm asanka abeywaedena .
sri lankan law related program .
the chairman informed that the failure of contracts so far while granting security bond by the institution had been limited up to 014 per cent even though the minimum percentage of internationally accepted tendency for failure of contracts was from 08 per cent to 1 per cent .
preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
marketing division, .
hearing aid .
coordinating with the treasury and the institutions under the ministry and foreign funded projects to prepareupdatereview financial reports and budgetary requirements and finalize accounts .
11 paying cash for pirith chanting pinkama at the pelendagoda ranaviru village on 25 and 26062011 .
accordingly, 10,000 copies of “spoken tamil book” and 4,590 copies of “written tamil book “ were printed .
e contra agreements .
students, teachers, parents and priests of both hindu and buddhist get together in a place and exchange their opinions which lead to know about the arts, culture and traditions of each community .
33 idle and underutilised assets .
ii disabled war heroes’ welfare project .
this method was applied as a part of cash flow management as the cost of vehicles could be distributed over 05 years .
social integration and ethnic affairs .
in order to facilitate institutions in this connection, this ministry has compiled and published a guide book to help public institutions prepare language plans .
accumulated depreciation .
we in the ranaviru sewa authority, have understood this situation clearly and have made arrangements to discharge the functions of the authority systematically, this will result in the morale of the individual vying to high a level while mobilizing the collective efforts of the staff as a specific objective to achieve next year .
this disclosure is made to be in compliance with slas 36 provisions, contingent liabilities contingent assets contingent liabilities are disclosed in notes to the financial statements .
saving account interest income .
income–government provision .
grant approval of the department of the national budget to travel abroad for various purposes trainings, meetings, seminars, conference etc .
arranging letters of awareness to post office branches through the national savings bank .
according to the financial statements presented, the financial results generated from the operations for the year under review amounted to a deficit of as compared with the corresponding deficit of for the preceding year, thus indicating a deterioration of in the financial results .
skin diseases charma roga .
829 prevention of drug addiction, formation of “awareness groups” as change agents at community level to alert youth on drugs .
department arranges and sponsors to conduct festivals in several districts in order to promote hindu religious activities and festivals .
56 budgetary control .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the corporation from time to time .
the main function organized by the ranaviru sewa authority to commemorate the war heroes who had made the supreme sacrifice for the protection of the country was held at the ranaviru monument at sri jayewardenepura parliamentary sports grounds under the patronage of hethe president .
followup programmes were organized in killinochchi and monaragala districts in collaboration with the trained women leaders and the si officers based in the respective ga offices .
department of buddha religious affairs joined with department of hindu religious and cultural affairs is conducting hindu buddhist integrated programme with the guidance of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs .
christmas carol tamil street drama, .
sabragamuwa provincial council members, kegalle district secretary, additional secretary of this ministry, director and officers of this department and public participated at the event .
65planning and development of curriculums .
on that basis, bilingual facilitation booths in all the72 divisional secretariats located in the 72 bilingual divisional secretariat divisions have been established by this ministry .
conducting research and studies on issues about language training with the objective of utilising the results of studies and researches to conduct the activities of the institution effeciently .
granting of community housing loans 2011 .
provision for the period .
official address provincial department of education, eastern province, orr's hill, trincomalee .
those had not been disclosed in the accounts .
poson poya day live telecast .
district secretariat trincomalee .
on this basis, 1300 words have been arranged in electronic version and provided for the 1st printing .
the nnnual pirith ceremony and the alms giving were organized on 14th and 15th february as part of the anniversary celebrations .
b the estimated production of tiles, bricks and other material by the 05 operating factories in the year under review had been 9,573,366 .
the directors have taken the responsibility to ensure that the corporation maintains accounting records that disclose with responsible accuracy the financial position of the corporation as required by sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no 38 of 1971 and sri lanka accounting standards .
ups room in deniyaya txstation, .
05 objectives .
313trilingual sri lanka programme .
of the 354 applications received in this regard, 240 volunteers were selected and they took part in the relevant orientation programme .
312 appointing committees .
one remarkable feature that was highlighted in 2011 was the implementation of hither to scattered project fields bringing under five principal categories in conformity to the vision of paying gratitude of the nation to the ranaviru name .
contribution for pension w op .
a hand book containing the official language policy and related law was complied to be used along with the hand book of language guidelines on preparation of language policy in public institutions .
table 2 translation and computerization of list of names for gazette notification .
june 1021 .
67 12day non residential sinhalatamil language training programmes conducted under the language associations national movement for students who have completed the al examination .
rent of antenna tower at sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
i hereby wish to express my deepest gratitude and sincere thanks to all hon ministers, hon members of parliament, hon members of provincial council, and all government intuitions and other stakeholders including hindu religious monks, priests, scholars, institutions, temple trustees and aranery schools for extending their fullest support and cooperation to the activities of our department .
a workshop to train english instructors selected from community and the villages for improving english knowledge of family members of war heroes at community and the villages was conducted on the 12th and 13 th of december at hector kobbekaduwa agricultural training institute by the skills development project of the ranaviru sewa authority .
7national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
35 finance division .
commissioner general of excise .
sound system .
institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
matale theru festival .
the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who were made to retire on doctor’s recommendations following being disabled in action and the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who have to remain at home on medical grounds .
repairs maintenance equipment .
finance and planning .
artificial foot .
other festivals .
security unit .
056 advance .
4 digital arching of old programmes with two new xdcam pdw 1500 machines installed in mcr there were 50,000 hours of rupavahini productions national events to be archived, and planned to purchase more xdcam machines to speed the process .
the efficiency of performance of the department has been increased due to the hard work and dedication of all the staff members including newly recruited development officers .
jaffna–providing water and sanitary facilities for vigneshwara preschool located in wadewatta gs division .
to hon minister of mass media and information .
information and communication technology unit .
locations of computer centers .
staff salaries and all other staff benefits were paid without any delay and statutory deductions were remitted to the respective institutions on or before the deadline .
all matters relating to public finance and budgetary management of 122 enterprises statutory boards which are supported through the funds from the consolidated fund were carried out by the department of national budget during the year of 2014 .
cash and cash equivalents .
the telecast of the series of program continued until the year 2012 .
financial assistance to hindu organizations .
assist, prepare and submit reports of the financial performance and management of statutory boards to the committee on public enterprises cope, when the cope meetings are convened by parliament .
skills development project .
get directions .
observing guru poojas of hindu saints, conducting hindu lectures and preserving the traditions by conducting hindu festivals .
light engineering .
relevant data collection for the survey will take place in january 2016 .
eberthu etha teledrama .
03development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes .
90 days .
4 attending the inauguration of construction of community hall building at hunumulla navy ranaviru village .
generating public officers well versed in three languages to render an efficient service to the general public .
air force race, .
introducing new programs .
various projects are also undertaken in addition to these .
b action had not been taken to find out whether the depository institutions are in existence and those deposits had not been confirmed as refundable deposits .
excise reward fund 2012 .
1 madulla .
these mobile services were conducted in hanguranketa, walapane, ayagama, pelmadulla and haliella divisional secretariats .
attention is focused on preventing any injustice or marginalization within the education sector caused by socioeconomic inequalities or ethnicity or religion in order to provide the right of access to education .
newspapers periodicals .
‘hurubuhuti’ children’s prog .
actual cost .
language training programmes students who have completed gceal examination .
e achievement of production targets .
cash, bank balance deposits as call .
reperesenting the committee on on public enterprises cope .
amount paid in 2011 .
annex 14 .
customs officers reward fund 2012 .
application forms .
stage design setsprops .
with the purchase of essential engineering and studio equipment we have also saved a huge sum of money which could have otherwise been spent for outsourcing .
vavuniya north zone .
boc housing project .
name mr dma senanayake .
1 helping school children of low income ranaviru families to complete their education successfully untill their higher education .
community district comity meeting .
changes in accounting policies – .
providing necessary facilities for the use of national languages and link language in order to create an environment among ethnic groups for understanding social and religious backgrounds .
a even though preparation of financial statements is a normal duty of the financial controller, an additional charges amounting to had been paid to the former financial controller for preparing financial statements for the year under review .
this unit carried out preventive maintenance work of following systems monthly, quarterly and annually .
this program was among the top 20 programs of sri lanka rupavahini corporation since the first telecast and was maintained until the end of year .
name mr jkmvk jayasinghe .
tv loan others .
42 action plan .
official address zonal education office, dimbulagala .
ranaviru rimem benivo project operating expenses .
making travel arrangements up to the house of the war hero and for providing other necessities .
roles and daily responsibilities .
in this connection, the initial part of the work has been completed and the future activities are expected to be completed in 2016 .
time taken for converting the manufactured stocks to sales had increased from 77 days to 90 days .
b out of the programmes targeted in terms of the annual action plan, 03 programmes had not been executed while the progress of the two remained programmes had been 20 percent and 40 percent .
sending letters and assisting in securing building material at concessionary prices for building houses for ranaviru families .
since 2013, steps have been taken to conduct mobile services from 2014 based on the statistics identified in 12 districts under the project equal access to justice of the ministry to issue legal documents .
the attention of the commission was drawn towards the importance of conducting programmes for school children based on the experiences got from school debates and speech contests organized by the commission in 2013 and 2014 .
mutur zone .
thimilai kannaki amman temple kumbhabisheka festival, chillaw .
literature art festival 2011 ranaviru suwanda programme .
nelli adi central college .
these programmes are organized at service stations level and conducted in such government institutions as government departments, divisional secretariats and police stations covering a duration of 4 to 6 hours per week, without causing disturbance to official duties of the participants .
ridi reyak, .
saturday, 19 august 2017 .
number of handicrafts craftsmen participated .
16 government grant for capital items .
iii educational scholarships project .
the corporation operates as the national television broadcaster in sri lanka with the prime objectives of providing education, entertainment information to a multi ethnic multi religious sri lankan society .
treasury bill interest income .
community members .
name mrsgatngodagedara .
lake house .
letters were sent to community presidents informing of the national tree planting day on 15112011 .
nearly 3000 legal documents including birth certificates, marriage certificates, death certificates, police reports were issued to beneficiaries in this mobile service .
cassettes tapes bank in main stores .
all payments in respect of the year 2011 were made .
ensuring timely and accurate financial reporting .
the second was conducted for 29 field officers from 09092015 to 11092015 .
name mr ns premachandra .
organized community members for national ranaviru day 2011 .
43conducting seminars and research on language usage and technology and providing recommendations and tools .
annex 01 .
teacher training courses .
annex 18 .
initial work has been commenced .
3 payment of final installment for the construction of community hall building at perahettiya ranaviru village .
a debtors creditors control .
thaipongal special musical program .
under this programme, the language division conducted an awareness programme to the public officers, including chief official language implementation officer and the official language implementation officer of the relevant divisional secretariats on the implementation of the official language policy and afterwards it provided them with necessary guidance to prepare language plans and implement the official language policy effectively in their respective institutions .
technology and research .
value of payment of installments in respect of housing aid prior to 2011january to july 2011 .
over 2050 public and school students participated and got benefits .
stamp imp – administration division .
trade receivables are carried at anticipated realizable value .
security officer .
name mrssnanthakumar .
noof temples and organizations .
further, development and implementation of software for the telecast of election results was carried out as a special task .
insurance – building other assets .
255 days .
08 receipt of financial assistance .
annex 13 .
2 relaunch the wwwrupavahinilk web site .
talent show, sponsored by higher education ministry .
seminar on sculpture and architecture .
the need for a formal plan to maintain optimum functioning as well as to overcome future challenges has been recognized accordingly, we have been able to formulate a corporate plan for the time period 2013 – 2017 and commence operations with a view to achieve annual targets .
director general programme .
best children programme .
kuliyapitiya west .
performance of budget 2014 .
less impairment of sundry debtors .
designation hon chief minister of southern province .
the staff of the graphics and animation unit rendered remarkable service by creating graphic and animations for ‘ranaviru real star’ program and creating graphics and lettering for all educational programs and studio editing similarly .
workshop on the manufacture of the glue for school, cleaning liquid for toilet and hand washing soap, and entrepreneurship .
accordingly, the ministry and its affiliated institutions and all district secretariats have commenced preparing language plans and training the officers concerned .
inhouse produced tele drama .
the financial statements of the corporation for the year ended 31st december 2012 were authorized for issue by the board of directors on 2nd april 2013 .
preparation of the hand book of issues solutions essential for managing the calls received by the language call center with regard to preparation of language plans .
2 maintenance of ranaviru monuments and parks and making necessary payments .
it has been observed by the commission that the general public has been greatly inconvenienced as most of the private hospitals deal with english language in rending their service .
the functions of the ranaviru sewa authority are really supreme in the context of provision of a strong helping hand for the continuation of the future lives of children, wives and parents of the gallant war heroes who sacrificed their lives or those missing or lost their limbs in the fight of liberating our motherland from the cruel terrorism that was under the influence of specially both local and overseas conspirators and with a view to protect the liberty of the people and the country, their dignity, sovereignty and the territorial integrity .
emergency subsidies programme .
682 hindu aranery teachers have been benefitted .
mental diseases manasika roga .
no awarded .
three wheelers .
28 classes with 25 students in colombo and 29 classes with 12 students in jaffna have been conducted .
80 of vehicle repairs were successfully completed within the sri lanka rupavahini corporation garages which ensured that the repairs were done properly while saving costs .
preparation of a list of old housing aid recipients .
diagram 3 provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
the total airtime that the national channel telecast in 2012 amounted to 72837 hours .
annex 11 .
replying to letters regarding the housing matters and referring them to provincial officers and looking into problems brought up by beneficiaries over the phone .
defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation .
provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
sinhala hindu new year programs .
this function is held in may annually .
number of beneficiaries .
42 budgetary control .
6 kosgama .
commercial promotional income .
granting self employment aid 2011 .
diesel stocks .
cocacola cricket pathway game events 3rd stage here 06 programmes were telecasted .
coordinating with the divisions of ministry and the institutions functioning under the ministry to prepare the annual plan and the annual performance report of the ministry .
name mrka susil premanath .
the letters sent by parents explaining problems were referred to the relevant authorities and replies were sent in respect of problems that could be resolved arrangements were made to reply correctly the telephone calls from beneficiaries and worked with relevant banks .
navinna annonyadhara samithi hall, maharagama .
studio 3 .
041 repos investment .
as a future course of action of the above development, a decision was taken to establish language promotion circles in schools .
the objectives of the selected volunteers are assisting people of respective districtdivisional secratarits, assisting the staff to implement their day to day duties efficiently and also assiting to find remedial measures to overcome barriers in people obtaining the services in the language of their choice .
in comparison with other state sector institutions the corporation has not relied on any long tern loans to finance its operations moreover, it has maintained reliance on short term loans and borrowings at minimum levels .
during the course of the event, discussions and presentations based on the success of the national language projects carried out from the initial stages up to now took place .
payments due for building new ranaviru monuments .
for the functioning of the ranaviru sewa authority, financial provisions are provided through the following sources .
official address zonal education office, anuradhapura .
6 provision of tools and seeds for home gardening .
04 targeted beneficiaries .
the main news telecast in sinahala, english and tamil 3 ½ hours per day totaling to 105 hours per month, sinhala hourly news 01 hour per day totaling to 30 per month , .
b since there was a significant variance between the budgeted and the actual figures, the budget had not been used as an effective management control .
mapiya surakum programme inspection .
traveling subsidence – mileage allowance .
accordingly, the steps were taken by the institute to give approval for conducting 296 classes for training 8880 participants .
accordingly, it has been decided to conduct all activities taking place within schools, including displaying of main name board, in both languages via language circles .
b customs cargo examination fees fund .
rehabilitation and uplifting of capital assets .
coordinating the resources and the activities of ngo’s within the national policy framework and make them contribute as partners towards the process of development of the country .
ministry of state .
ascertaining as to how the assets of ministry and its institutions are safeguarded from all kinds of losses .
office equipment repairs .
peaceful trilingual society with coexistence .
frequency chargers .
targeted groups .
07 national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
thursday, 24 august 2017 .
the corporation’s loans and receivables comprise ‘trade and other receivables’ and ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in the balance sheet .
sport live programmes .
name mr wm jayantha wickramanayake .
department of official languages and its performance .
649 kottukachachiya .
b transactions and balances .
2 division for empowerment of physical and mental health .
grand total .
formulation of annual budget estimates for ministries, departments and statutory agencies of the government in consultation with the spending agencies and the relevant treasury departments to achieve the fiscal targets stipulated in the fiscal management responsibility act .
sectoral basis – the budgetary allocations for 2014 were made in accordance with the sectoral policy framework developed by relevant stakeholders for the development of respective sectors during the medium term of 3 years .
special units .
8foreign funded projects under the ministry .
compilation of the ministerial news letter “apurwa nadee” .
total government expenditure .
to mark broadcasting cooperations’s 87th anniversary .
recommendations and instructions were issued about appeals and requests that were being received daily in this regard .
pudam puthu kalai .
progress of computer centers was reviewed this year as well and the progress and deficiencies were brought to the notice of the chairperson, the project manager and provincial officers in writing .
programme on bachelor degree studies .
majority of them were returned due to shortcomings in them .
donation for disable war heroes bathroom fittings .
colombo 10, .
distribution of scholarships among services .
the engineering division contributes directly to maintaining the corporation’s technical standards in programme production and transmission at international standards .
income receivables .
3 disabled or ailing children of war heroes who are presently in servicedeaddisabled or missing .
a an internal audit unit had not been established in the institution .
5 accountability and good governance .
from 1st of november 2007, this institute has been functioning being affiliated to the ministry of constitutional affairs and national integration at no310, galle road, colombo 3 .
primary income generated from the sale of airtime and other peripheral incomes were recorded in conformity with applicable accounting principles and standards .
d the loans granted for trailers of two wheel tractors for 2 districts had been totally in arrears while the recoveries of 15 districts had been at a minimum level of 10 per cent .
a workshop was successfully concluded at monaragala in the uva province .
while the ministry, which has taken the subject of implementing the official language policy effectively under its scope, has initiated the language plan facilitation programme with the objective of facilitating and preparing language plans in state institutions, the following activities have been implemented under the programme thus far .
the hindu aranery schools are functioning with the objectives of to impress the values of moral character and making them to have faith in the almighty, prayers and worshipping at temples and preaching them hinduism .
weekend payment for executive .
the film ‘bashu’ .
1v foster parents programme .
annex 52 .
salaries payable ac .
attend to copa .
office equipment service .
district wise .
sunday spiceeye shufflecafé classis, .
lack of officers who are well versed in three languages .
name mrwmwejerahna .
flow control preserving wide clear waterways .
official address ministry of education, inner harbour road, trincomalee .
boralu para teledrama .
a workshop was held with the participation of 185 department officers to obtain proposals for the preparation of a language plan on behalf of the department with the objective of encouraging the officers to work while the implementation of official languages ​​policy .
needless to say that the real strength behind has been our viewers who embraced the national television network throughout these decades .
we have more than thirty years experience in making and supplying laboratory furniture especially for universities .
in 2015, 08 programmes of this nature were conducted for army officers .
in accordance with these ethnic groups, their religions and cultures differ from each other .
district secretariat killinochchi .
instances of nonsupply of goods for the advances granted in the year 2011 even by september 2013 were observed .
name of the war hero or the child .
siriduwa wedida single episode teledrama .
general account 2011 .
the objective of this division is to create respect in the society towards the war heroes and creating self esteem in war heroes themselves and maintaining this social status consistently .
manhole frame covers rectangular and circular standard sizes .
specimen application form for issue of liquor license .
colombo– seethawaka, senehasaka thaksalawa integration programme of students of schools located in the north and south .
the production services division takes the forefront in providing creative services required for all productions of sri lanka rupavahini corporation both in studio and at external locations .
accrual bills .
classification schedules in terms of new accounting standards .
withholding tax department of inland revenue .
mr varuna sanjaya dharmaratna .
official address zonal education office, gampola .
name mr uk mahipala .
01 national languages development programme .
number of days of stock turnover .
04 all three persons attached to the project are women .
health performance monitoring indicators .
promotion of hindu religion .
table 55 loans given in year 2014 .
a financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires .
jaikkalam vanga .
the mapiya surekuma programme for the benefit of ranaviru parents is operative under the economic development division initial work such as providing necessary information and selection of beneficiaries is the responsibility of the ranaviru community and provincial officers this also covers compilation of information needs for the voted programme .
i psychosocial support project .
122 unidentified transactions .
for production staff .
investment income please refer table 8 .
fixed deposit interest income .
north central .
light equipment fault repairs .
01establishment of language associations .
graphics and animation unit .
it indicates the articles of the history of sri lanka rupavahini corporation almost 30 years, present states and the future vision .
saturday ayubowan, .
including major obs with slowmotion facilities .
overview 01 .
funds have been invested in banks with a view to generating income to meet the requirements of planning and the implementation of projects to meet the necessities of the ranaviru beneficiaries in accordance with the provisions of the ranaviru sewa authority .
froster parents scholarship .
salmal landa long drama, .
sri veeraiyadi aranery school, .
conducted at kokkeralla uthurupavva vihara, kurunagala from 08112014 to 9112014 .
unlawfully position of distilled spirits less than 04 ltrs .
preparing files of new beneficiaries and completion of shortcomings in the files .
stage design sets props .
other recurrent expenses .
divisional secretariat thissamaharama .
file no .
326 providing financial assistance to the social integration related activities carried out by other institutions .
direct requests calling at the project 05 .
conducted meetings under the chairmanship of the hon minister of the relevant ministry .
client transfer refunds .
video gallery .
classes for which approval was given in 2015 .
accordingly, provisions of funds have been provided to 22 divisional secretariats .
scholarship awarding ceremonies .
actions had been taken by considering the rewards paid as one off payment, but in the cases of payment in several instances, those had not been accumulated and the final amount of tax that should be charged had not been computed .
providing continuous training in the three languages to those persons who wish to acquire such knowledge to be able to teach sinhala, tamil and english languages .
diploma courses on translation studies parttimefull time .
programmes of this nature have been carried out at the divisional secretariats of badulla,matara,galle and kegalle districts .
4 providing money for pirith pinkam .
131 treasury bills .
national movement for language associations can be identified as a programme for acquainting the general public with the importance of implementing the official language policy aimed at creating a sri lankan nation enriched with equality and endearingly intertwined by the two languages .
rent from canteen .
gampahaproviding sanitary facilities to the community hall located in mahaththuwa grama niladari division .
general account 151658331 .
name mrs s chakkarawarthy .
stage design .
on permanent basis .
eastern province .
submitted 399 observations on cabinet memoranda .
total employees .
the corporation had not prepared a procurement plan for the year under review .
public enterprises circular no ped 39 dated 09 october 2006 .
3 on demand video streaming started with tele drama, news sinhala tamil musical programme and special events with high quality video five different geographical locations mirror servers and .
cargo examination fees fund .
divisional secretariat galgamuwa .
activities done by the makeup unit in 2012 .
progress of offering self employment assistance – district wise .
language road map can be introduced as a fiveyear strategic plan for efficient and effective implementation of the official language policy in government institutions .
63 teacher training programmes .
p s no 2014286 third instalment part i funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
advance for foreign travel .
fisheries and aquatic resources development .
provisions are recognized when the corporation has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made .
coordinating parliament advisory committees .
no 75852, susithapura, .
fund for hindu tradition was established in 1985 by the 31st act to perform hindu religious cultural activities independently .
licenses category .
bunka awards .
instructors’ fees were paid only to the instructors who completed the specific number of hours of teaching .
promoting the evaluation of the official languages and recognizing, maintaining and taking forward their status equality and right of usage .
national events .
12day short term language training courses are to be organized by the national institute of language education and training for public officers who are unable to attend the parttime language training programmes .
amount of financial assistance granted .
urban council hall .
as per the financial regulations, 1589 applications were authorized .
anthurium cultivation .
students and teachers of stjohn bosco college and students and teachers of nageshwara vidyalaya in killinochchifurther, some programmes are carried out with the provisions of ministry of child development and women affairs .
annex 39 .
performance 2014 .
03education, skills and economic development division .
nadunana minisun 2011 .
a course of action for the efficient collection of those installments had not been formulated for the recovery .
audit committees had not been established in the institution and the medical council had participated in the audit and management committee conducted by the ministry of indigenous medicine .
nsb education project .
actions in terms of sri lanka accounting standard no 16 had not been taken to revalue and account for those assets .
tax on foreign programmes .
p s no 2014325 third instalment part v funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
best trailer .
hanging flags .
name mr wr weerakoon .
deepavalee celebration .
cash and cash equivalents at end of period .
providing for the bilingual needs of the public through reviewing, monitoring, educating and advising on implementing the official language policy .
the child who came 1st in the island from the grade 5 scholarships 2012 had also watched the nena mihira programme series continuously and the specialty was that she also participated at the workshop held at kandy .
rest of the advantages includes the ability to sore within only a very small space and protecting the cassettes from fungus and other damages .
stock turnover ratio .
comprehensive income for the year .
even though the approved staff of the college had been 100, only a staff of 92 had been deployed .
director general .
seminar training programme general .
current assets .
all functions of the secretariat for ngos have been organized under the following divisions in order to achieve the above objectives .
abu’s fixed variable charges .
name mrs hwnk ekanayake .
name mr wm deshabandu .
142 sundry debtors .
creating audiovisual tools essential for regional level bilingual administration .
in addition, staff officers of this department attended meetings of the committee on public accounts copa and the committee on public enterprises cope in parliament, representing the department .
sisindra show, .
poya day live telecast .
the progress of the projects has been given under each head of project .
available for sale financial asset .
government contribution .
net book value .
price list of products .
6 financial other charges .
qualifying payments .
it helps to draw the attention of the disadvantaged school children towards education by facilitating them and to socialize them through the development of knowledge, skills and attitudes of vulnerable groups in the community .
in the second day evening programme,the prime minister of government of republic socialist of sri lanka and also secretary to the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs participated as the chief guest and released research book and cassette .
21 bank overdraft – boc corporate branch .
special loan .
human resource assistant .
deputy director general production services .
in addition “rasi manjari”, “nana mihira”, “yathirai”, “sanda ranga mandala”, “daham bima”, “paramitha”, “diriyata saviyak”, “u i english programme” were produced as normal booking in studios .
taking necessary measures to attain the objectives of the commission by taking any other necessary or appropriate measures to exercise the powers of the commission .
spare parts – eng 11 .
war hero's .
publicity propaganda .
v mapiya surekum programme .
these tools are made use of in the programmes organized by the ministry for implementation of the official language policy .
issuance of national identity cardsnics have been provided to about 967 individuals in 2015 .
local government and provincial councils .
repaired inner roads of sri lanka rupavahini corporation premises .
name mr ywikramasiri .
316 accounting for expenditure .
actions was initiated to reactivate the inactive ranaviru community and the revival of community in the anuradhapura and polonnaruwa districts from august 01 to 07 2011 .
225 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
accordingly, these“apurwa nade” news letters have been distributed to all ministries, district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
accordingly, lectures by scholars, computer presentations and group activities were used in these workshops .
enter security code in following text box .
prior to that, the national languages and social integration unit functioned under the ministry of public administration, provincial councils and local government and democratic governance under the notification of the extraordinary gazette no189715 and dated 18012015 and prior to 08012015 the ministry had been established as the ministry of national languages and social integration .
categorization of programmes .
dependents of war heroes who have made the supreme sacrifice or missing in action in safe guarding the country and the nation numbering over 29934 .
a enforcement of the legal framework of the ayurvedic medical council, and formulation and implementation of the regulations under the ayurvedic act .
udugama zone .
employees work on assignment basis .
51 creating awareness among public officers .
printed lists of names and the summary of information in respect of the hambantota and nuwaraeliya were provided .
79 hindu temples have been received financial assistance by cheques through divisional secretaries .
manage public expenditure efficiently .
table 2 – the time analysis of lease payments .
excise notification no 902 .
on behalf of the board of directors .
material variances were observed between the income and expenditure according to the budget and the actual income and expenditure, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
