his contribution in giving a unified texture to the nation is without parallel .
some of our friends, while working on this book had discussed it with me also .
in a way, the complete food chain is connected to soil .
dhurkka parameswary najinai naagammal temple, thirumurikandy .
i believe that in whatever time that is left before baba saheb ambedkars birth anniversary, we should popularise and promote the bhimapp .
in fact, all you young people can come together to launch a movement of fit india .
property, plant equipment .
throughout the entire country, be it villages or towns, the educated or the illiterate, there is an atmosphere of curiosity as to what is cashless, how cashless business can take place, how can one make purchases without using cash .
the department had complied within the authorized limits of public officers’ advance account, accordingly .
year of published .
official address zonal education office, sammanthurai .
he has written i was very much distressed after the uri attack and strongly felt like doing something .
in 2015, there were two camps held and about 200 youths participated in them .
more than two and a half crore children took part in an essay competition on cleanliness .
hand book of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans at ministry and department level .
if not, they are presented as noncurrent liabilities .
i myself have seen three in this house itself .
sri lanka .
kekirawa zone .
10 methodologies to achieve targets and objectives .
there are several sarpanchs across the country who have taken the lead in water conservation .
on the previous three international yoga days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm .
it is notified that all public institutions shall prepare a strategic plan to implement the policy on official languages as per the public circular no 182009 .
even at the age of 100, she is training yoga to people from all over the world and till now has trained 1500 as yoga teachers .
on the 19th of may, sangeeta bahal, aged more than 50, scaled the everest .
in compliance with the requests received, 79 such programmes were conducted in 2015 38 of them 38 were sinhala medium programmes while 41 were tamil medium programmes .
while the ministry, which has taken the subject of implementing the official language policy effectively under its scope, has initiated the language plan facilitation programme with the objective of facilitating and preparing language plans in state institutions, the following activities have been implemented under the programme thus far .
do you still remember fit india .
special housing loan scheme state mortgage investment bank .
do read them, get inspired and share similar instances i respectfully salute all the lakshmis of india .
number of employees resigned .
a 50 per cent portion of the government tax revenue, penalties imposed, confiscated money, and proceeds of the sale of confiscated goods, etc imposed on illegal actions such as the customs tax frauds, illegal imports, breach of regulations on import control detected by the customs officers are credited to this fund for the payment of rewards of the officers and the informants .
in 2015, written test for official languages proficiency level i, ii, iii, iv was held on 31052015 for 75,606 applicants .
everybody, be it menwomen, oldyoung, villagecity, developed or developing countries, everybody got connected with it .
postgraduate degree economics .
my fellow citizens, it is true that military personnel guard not only our borders, but they stand as sentinels and fighters on every front of life .
name mr mmmziyan .
may india commence on a grand notemay it rain gold, silver and bronze .
i once again bow in reverence to sant ravidas ji .
best actor .
various types of cards are available .
this time around it will commence on the 11th of september .
2 relaunch the wwwrupavahinilk web site .
despite such inclement weather there are some extraordinarily aware people who deliver results that are exemplary and inspiring for all of us .
6 narammala .
the following hindu religious books were purchased for the reference purpose of aranery school students .
the efficiency of performance of the department has been increased due to the hard work and dedication of all the staff members including newly recruited development officers .
i have heard that people in large numbers around 500 people are using these lanterns .
02 in order to improve the knowledge of experts, professionals, students and writers and generally all groups of people, a new trilingual glossary is being compiled by the glossary section of the department .
poya day live telecast .
d assets control .
a resolve that we will positively fulfil in the next five years .
our farmers have discovered new avenues amidst the present difficulties .
once again next month we will meet again for another episode of mann ki baat .
divisional secretariat hambantota .
now, this survey will be conducted in about 500 cities with a population of more than 1 lakh each city will imbibe a sense of confidence that, well, we have lagged behind but we will surely perform better next time .
but, a young man from our country has initiated a very unique campaign .
he advocated the message of equality in society, not through mere words but through concrete endeavour .
mechanical superintendent .
those beneficiaries are, .
the standard current ratio of safe institution should be 21 .
we should and do pay homage to the memories of our great personalities .
and this time, the government of india, especially the hrd ministry has done something really commendable .
even governments, citizens and social organisations wholeheartedly celebrate diwali with gaiety and fervour .
in fact, may 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our selfrespect .
payment of village instructor’s allowance .
a heartfelt congratulations to all my countrymen once again .
ensure the fast contest delivery to the whole world with zero down time .
even now, some people think that they can reintroduce into the system, money from corruption, black money, unaccounted wealth and benami money money in unknown persons name, using some route or the other .
i saw an answer in the way they had spread far and wide and were filled with enthusiasm, they had the resolve to do something .
sachin chowdhary is the sole indian para power lifter to win a medal at the commonwealth games .
progress of offering self employment assistance – industrial wise .
monitoring of advance accounts operations continued under the purview of the department during the year 2014 .
annex 28 .
out of total 207 advance accounts 196 public officers’ advance accounts, 4 commercial advance accounts, 3 stores advance accounts and 4 special advance accounts were operated .
and those who are health conscious always say that, there should always be some space left both in the stomach and on the plate .
now you see, when such incidents are connected, how excited we get .
people in village after village resolved to accumulate every single drop of rainwater .
52 action plan .
oct 1526 .
22112011 sudasuna hall, chillaw .
designation cheif accountant .
stage design sets props .
after that the waste can easily be redirected to the other pit .
the programs telecast on nethra tv are in the following order .
provision for capital for the development of aranery schools .
they work hard, and these are our own young people .
name mrs s rathnayake .
yesterday, one hundred and twentyfive crore indians celebrated the paraakram parva, the festival of valour .
at the end of 2014, syllabus and books were reformed to include new views .
125 crore indians nurture a hope, a zeal, a resolve, a desire .
one feels the foundation of the idea was laid in the 17th century itself .
will you let your holidays during the most important years of your life slip away just like that .
perhaps there isnt a district in india which i have not visited .
technology and research .
she further adds, for me, fitness comes with a smile and we should smile, when we are happy .
first appoinment date and designation .
in the life of the farmer of this country both aspects have been important reverence to his soil and preserving nurturing it scientifically .
the program administration unit has opened 2005 program record files for the year 2012 .
would you like to use this time of vacation gainfully, i offer three suggestions, it will be good if you follow all of the three but then try to do atleast one of the three .
sports is an excellent route to unite society and to showcase the talents skills of our youth .
more information about sending in monetary contributions can be had on kbs .
my dear countrymen, when gandhiji said that by maintaining cleanliness, freedom will be won then he probably was not aware how this would happen but this did happen and india got freedom .
kurunegaladevelopment programme for special needs children under “apen obata athwelak” in kurunegalafive selected divisional secretariats in the district .
my dear countrymen, today is 2611 .
instructors’ fees were paid only to the instructors who completed the specific number of hours of teaching .
targeted groups .
creditors client .
through radio i connect every month with millions of families .
we all know that peace, unity and harmony are the only way to solve our problems and also the way to our progress and development .
new computer centers and development of existing computer centers .
so it is right to say that there is an atmosphere all around of positive news .
grant peace to each soul, each heart, in me, in you, in every particle and everywhere in the universe .
andhra pradesh, gujarat and kerala will achieve very soon cent percent odf targets .
makeup unit .
annual deficit surplus .
328 dialogue with media towards enhancing social harmony .
even in those times such a lot of care was taken .
a the documentary information in support of the purpose of obtaining the deposits had not been furnished to audit .
whereas, she haggled for a long time, over merely five rupees, with the auto driver, who took us to the mall .
therefore, reasons for rejection of applications which were rejected had not been subjected to evaluation according to the proper internal control procedure .
i consider this to be a good omen .
i can imagine how many weaver families, poor families, and the families working on handlooms must have benefitted from this .
continuing the purchasing of vehicles for the use of government agencies on financial leasing method with approval of the cabinet of ministers on 30082010, the government has made an attempt to manage the public expenditure efficiently .
the national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the kumbh .
shriman gurbachan singh jis family has presented one such example before us .
coordinating parliament advisory committees .
this underscores the importance that has been given to women in our society .
look, i believe that this will be a great initiative to include peoples suggestion in framing my speech for 15th august .
my dear countrymen, especially my young friends, just a couple of months ago, when i mentioned fit india, i did not think it would draw such a good response .
she left us in the columbia space shuttle mishap, but not without becoming a source of inspiration for millions of young people the world over .
recently, i was told by some of our party workers that a few young doctors in the town set up camps offering free treatment for the underprivileged .
i will keep on waiting for your suggestions .
similarly, increase in expenditure by 117 per cent as well as decrease in expenditure ranging from 14 per cent to 65 per cent due to the failure to prepare expenditure estimates properly were observed .
will this not make every indian feel proud .
the first programme of the “senehasakla thaksalawa” programmes was conducted for eighty 80 teachers belonging to in five05 educational zones in anuradhapura .
now, tell me countrymen, can gold become a property or not .
agalawatta–constructing a toilet for students of tamil primary school located in galewatta, agalawatta .
we think as if it is a game going on , but in actuality, this is a novel way of instilling empathy in the child's mind .
do you know, how much did subhash babu use the radio .
an ecigarette is a type of electronic device unlike a typical cigarette .
your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings .
in everything associated with it like cuisine or attire, traditional norms are adhered to .
121 sri lanka accounting standards .
this has been a memorable incident to increase awareness about our constitution among the youth and to connect them to the various aspects of the constitution .
today, the farmers have technology to help them while they work hard in their fields this has provided a big boost to our agro producers .
and she was saying all this with such a feeling of pride that it made me think that engineers in that era had constructed such structures according to the local situations which kept the common man safe and secured .
grant approval for the purchase of new vehicles required by these enterprises .
41 action plan .
but few would know that in english, there is a word, juggernaut which means, a magnificent chariot, that is unstoppable .
whatever we eat is linked only to this soil .
the published and distributed nandhi flag details are as follows .
37, 1st lane, .
and the greatest thing was that while i was talking to them and listening about the experiences of their imprisonment, they had no bitterness or ill will for anyone .
in this program they have shown how people have become aware towards cleanliness and through this they are trying to train people about keeping their surroundings clean .
some friend of mine had sent me a link and i had the opportunity to see it .
diploma in higher national designs .
it is going to be a joyous moment for me .
and as in our villages, our elders, the old people of the village are always reminding us forget the sorrow but also do not forget the joy .
you must also try to become a part of this program .
my dear countrymen, we were struggling with droughtlike conditions last year but this august we have been facing the fury of floods all through .
women are already empowered and now getting armed too .
this year, our country will undergo lok sabha elections .
batticaloa zone .
programmes of this nature were carried out with the objective of taking the multiethnic, multireligious, peaceful country with several social strata respecting one another towards accelerated development .
set and props unit .
it was indeed a delightful experience .
awareness is now seen in many villages .
diploma courses on translation studies parttimefull time .
on the other hand, if we are able to avoid wastage, the family too benefits economically .
my dear countrymen, our nation has always been very proactive and alert in strengthening unity and communal harmony in the country .
822 providing necessary assistance to determine the linguistic gaps in the selected multiethnic hierarchical geographical locations and key service providing sectors .
a light and sound show is also shown there which is very inspiring .
our staff as at 30112009 .
this had been continuously pointed out in the audit reports for the years 2008 to 2011 .
b identification of state land or other land that can be distributed among war heroes and preparation of such land suitable for distribution .
realistic assessment – the budget 2014 was based on an assessment of actual expenditure incurred under the limits provided in terms of article 150 2 and article 150 3 of the constitution .
selection of 15 survey conductors by each provincial officers and training them .
recovery unit .
even though internal audit programmes had been prepared for the year 2012, the internal audit had not been done according to the programmes .
the retention money payable to the contractors and the deductions made from the staff for nopay leave had been credited to the deposit account under noncurrent liabilities .
my farmer brothers and sisters deserve special gratitude for the way they wholeheartedly accepted my request, my prayer and put in their hard labour to get a record production of pulses .
so if we all keep laying stress on the progress of the villages, we shall continue to get the desired results .
can we start a drive to save water in every village from now on itself .
but have you heard about the shining toilet contest .
is it in celebration of an occasion like a wedding .
in the recent days, one can see a lot of emphasis being laid on digidhan .
i congratulate our young friend, kidambi srikanth for this feat and enhancing the prestige of india .
on this occasion, many felicitations to the citizens of these two states on my behalf .
the 31st of october is the birth anniversary of our beloved sardar vallabhbhai patel .
04102011mankulam army camp .
its true that i myself have been a cadet in the ncc and so i know firsthand how one acquires a fresh perspective through such organizations .
this has also forced the economists of the country to think differently .
5 mailapitiya park maintenance and making payments .
recently, all india radio got a survey done on mann ki baat .
this has been beautifully articulated in our scriptures .
today, i publicly express my heartfelt gratitude to all mps .
education loan .
4 distribution expenses .
and among them especially from the kin of visually impaired, they made quite a number of phone calls .
there are so many skills to develop our personality .
on the 28th of august 2014, we had launched this campaign with a dream in our hearts .
i offer my best wishes to all mothers and sisters on this blessed occasion of raksha bandhan .
annex 19 .
i can tell you from my experience of going around the world, that the amount we can learn by seeing the world is something we cannot even imagine .
source department of national budget department of state accounts .
the mission of the department of excise has been broadly identified as the efficient and effective administration of the liquor and the tobacco industry in sri lanka through the collection of revenue and prevention of illicit manufacture and sale of such products, for development and welfare of the society, and the enforcement of the poisons, opium and dangerous drugs ordinance for the social protection of sri lanka .
language training programmes for doctors .
andhra pradesh, too has decided to increase its green cover by 50 by the year 2029 .
hence, the indian diaspora has a significant role to play in promoting festival tourism in india .
superintended of excise .
annex 48 .
name mrk mrukawel .
the enforcement of the poisons, opium and dangerous drugs ordinance .
this was important because the 42nd amendment which was brought during the emergency, curtailed the powers of the supreme court and implemented provisions which stood to violate our democratic values, was struck down .
it was the result of his understanding, prudence and activism that a part of bengal could be saved and it is still a part of india .
safety is of two kinds one is safety during disasters and the other is safety in everyday life .
designation provincial secretary of education .
neeraj ji has saidxhr vkdkk dks kjrh dk lqukuk gs eqsgj vaksjs dks mtkys esa cqykuk gs eqswy dh xak ls ryokj dks lj djuk gsvksj xkxk ds igkmksa dks txkuk gs eqshow i wish to make the sky listen to the song of the earthhow i wish to inspire every strand of darknessto come to the radiance of lightand i wish to conquer the might of the sword with the fragrance of flowersand to awaken the mountains with the sweetness of songs .
indeed, that exactly was the topic of discussion on the radio .
live telecast of this was commenced from december within sri lanka rupavahini corporation's new premises .
tomorrow is 30th january, the death anniversary of our revered bapu .
in haryana, the number of girls in comparison to boys is dismally low .
the government, civil society, the citizens, and the small organizations will all have to work for capacity building through scientific temperament .
arranging letters of awareness to post office branches through the national savings bank .
the capacities of this satellite and the facilities it provides will go a long way in addressing south asias economic and developmental priorities .
oral health .
ratnapura zone .
you will be happy to note that in a year, more than 26 lakh tourists visited the 'statue of unity' .
number of scholarships .
for our daughters this is the opportunity to experience an india free from discrimination .
and, no one can do this better than you .
people belonging to all the ethnic groups take part in these festivals regardless of ethnic differences .
best programme presenter of the year .
the governments too will need to learn a lesson that there lies a powerful society which has tremendous capabilities, energy and the determination beyond the realms of their administration .
remembering him, you teach at least 125 persons about downloading the bhim app .
provision as at 3112 2012 .
in the event of the suspension of a scholarship it will be paid again with funds from the authority .
i have full faith in the power of my 125 crore countrymen .
mass media and information .
who will be the fortunate one to get a direct or indirect benefit from your purchase .
i say this, thinking of the historical value of such gifts .
significant variances were observed between the budgeted and the actual income and expenditure, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
avurudu udanaya .
07 national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
in mayjune this year when there was a severe flood in sri lanka, three ships of our navy reached there immediately and helped the government and the people there .
the waste from our kitchens, be it vegetable peels, leftover food, egg shells or leaves are all part of liquid waste and are to be placed in green litter bins .
tried to live india within themselves .
lal bahadur shashtri ji showed that even amidst the deafening sounds of gunfire and bombardment, there existed an alternative way for every citizen for expressing patriotism .
there cannot be a single formula for dealing with water crisis across the country .
this made the whole world realize and understand the importance of peace .
in indias struggle for freedom, gandhian thought and gandhian practice became manifest for the first time in champaran .
mann ki baat, february 2019 .
8 regional remembrance parks and halls .
last year, i made announcements of some yoga competitions and some awards as well .
major functions performed by the department .
contract staff .
audit opinion .
ceylon ceramics corporation 2012 .
this web site has been launched on 27 september 2010 .
this diwali, can we arrange programmes to honor the laxmi of india .
total value of assets .
13102011 – shilpa shalika hall,kuliyapitiya .
syllabuses and books were printed for this .
meeting these kids was a very special experience that i had on my kashi visit .
and i would like to mention to my countrymen, that festivals like navaratri in gujarat, or durga utsav in bengal are tremendous tourist attractions .
applications of community members were referred via community and all applicants who applied were awarded with scholarships .
people born in the year 2000 or later those born in the 21st century will gradually begin to become eligible voters from the 1st of january, 2018 .
you do remember that, 31stoctober is the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel and that ek bharat shreshth bharat is our common dream .
but, the manner in which the local people joined hands with the state government in renovating it, is an example even today .
ii board of survey reports .
by lighting lamps on diwali, we try to overcome the darkness of these social shortcomings and individual blemishes attaining freedom from this darkness is the real essence of the festival of lights deepawali, which we celebrate by lighting an earthen lamp, a diya .
all pages .
what can be my contribution for this as an individual .
there was a time when winter would set in even before diwali .
we should contribute towards ensuring reducing the use of cash, of currency notes .
my dear countrymen, 26th january is a historic festival for all of us .
those standards require that i comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements an audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements .
some of the cases filed against sri lanka rupavahini corporation were settled in 2012 .
we dwelt at length on myriad facets of netaji subhash bose, offering him tributes .
fees for written competitions .
a even though all the public enterprises should restructure their organization structures in accordance with the management services circular no 30 dated 2006 september 22 and in terms of letter no pedpu dated 08 july 2009 of the department of public enterprises and action should have been taken to revise recruitment promotion procedure, cadre and salary scales and to obtain the recommendation of the national salaries and cadre commission and approval of the department of management services, action had not been taken accordingly .
the duties covered during the year 2012 .
diesel stocks .
year of closing down .
distribution of scholarships among services .
people generally nurse the notion that if students indulge in sporting activities, they become careless about their studies .
namaskar, pradhan mantriji, i cannot divulge my name because of something that i did in my childhood .
saturday, 12 august 2017 .
these mobile services were carried out covering especially the northern and eastern provinces, plantation regions and backward areas .
rotherham circuit meet, motor competitions live telecast from katukurunda for 07 hours .
i skills and development division .
at an event, our tricolour was unfurled at the very site where netaji subhash bose had unfurled it exactly 75 years ago .
the staff of the set department contributed their services for quiet number of programmes .
27112011 – at buttala divisional secretariat for the monaragala district community members during the deyata kirula exhibition .
thaippongal special stamp was released with the sponsorship of postal department by honorable prime minister on 20140114 at dhurkka mani mandapam, jaffna .
these farmers have formed a cooperative society in munar village and setup a biscuit factory there .
unlawfully distill spirits .
if the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities .
82project for enforcement of law, accessing justice and strengthening of social integration .
my friends, there are many little things that can be employed in our countrys effective fight against malnutrition .
besides whatever i have said, there is a very long list of examples of the tribal communities which teach us how to keep a close coordination and make adjustments with the nature and the nation is indebted to our tribal people for the forest land that is still remaining with us .
this year too, the youth of the country is all set, to take part in the run for unity .
gazette notice .
the nnnual pirith ceremony and the alms giving were organized on 14th and 15th february as part of the anniversary celebrations .
in such a difficult situation, our brave heart soldiers are not only protecting the borders of the country, but are also running a swacch siachen campaign in that arena .
psychosocial programme .
accrual over time holyday pay .
conducted at bhothikshinarama vihara, vavuniya from 23082014 to 24082014 .
aapada mitra, or friends during disaster were identified at various places and these were then trained in the dos and donts volunteers were enlisted, and a peoples organisation set up to work in this situation .
budget 3 spiritual and social programmes .
whenever and wherever possible, lets look for the opportunity .
i am glad that in this entire programme i witnessed the accomplishments of the common man more than the achievements of the government, of the country's power, the power of new indias dreams, the power of the resolve of the new india this is what i experienced .
loan impairment gain .
i members of the armed forces and police force who have become disabled inaction and .
11 paying cash for pirith chanting pinkama at the pelendagoda ranaviru village on 25 and 26062011 .
abdul kalam .
these are examples of how work can be achieved with the help of society .
occasional license .
i am happy to let you know that i played a positive active role in organizing the community mobilisation programme back to village in my state jammu kashmir .
this is the story of the contributions that the government provided to sustain the country’s local textile industry and the workers’ efforts in every valuable task .
as per the budget estimates approved by parliament for year 2014, provisions were allocated among 208 expenditure headsspending units .
financial administration of the department .
whenever i hold a mann ki baat session, many people send me suggestions .
travelling advance foreign .
so, was there a provision for giving our information .
1st week of october onwards .
government functions .
i specially urge the parents and guardians to be with their children with a watchful eye when they burst firecrackers, so that there is no carelessness or undue audacity and accidents and mishaps are avoided .
annex 26 .
cash at bank .
annex 50 .
sakal ji, i have conveyed your sentiments to our listeners .
the training to inculcate organic farming while teaching latest agricultural techniques and how to grow more crops along with a single cash crop in the fields was imparted through the professional, engineers and technocrats associated with this trust started giving training to the farmers .
and through social media and namo app, you can also see its live telecast .
and i saw how the young scientists were eager to explain their work and their eyes were full of dreams .
the whole world celebrates 8th march as womens day .
maximum limit of expenditure .
if we light a lamp, the darkness is sure to be dispelled .
carrying out translation tasks of government and semi–government institutionsin sinhala, tamil, english .
hindu religious festival .
as records of the overtime cost on the investigations had not been separately maintained, the overtime cost incurred on investigations could not be computed .
yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness .
4 ranaviru remembrance project .
the magazine programmes which were off air for quite some time, recommenced under the theme of “aruma puduma roda hathara” .
salaries other allowances .
i was overjoyed to see people getting connected to it with a lot of enthusiasm .
my attention was drawn towards his work, so, i talked to him on the phone and tried to understand the new experiment being attempted by him .
and shailesh bhonsle proved it .
an incident regarding a small girl from a remote village too can inspire the hundred and twenty five crore people .
payments for maintenance items .
gandhi returned to india in 1915, and in 1917, he went to a small village in bihar and gave the country a new inspiration .
labour commissioner .
10062011 at nagoda family care hospital ,nagoda for kalutara district community members during the national ranaviru month .
general account 2011 .
held to maturity financial assets .
number of new design training programmes .
similarly, the media discussed extensively about the 16 year old rajani you too must have read it .
table 6 – social welfare fund balance as at 31122012 .
everyones attention will have to be drawn .
many have sent me the videos of their work in this field .
designation zonal director of education .
in my opinion, because of the significance of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements do not give a true and fair view of the financial position of the ceylon ceramics corporation as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
director of education .
with the concept of crown to nation, an exhibition was taken place from 21st january to 2nd february 2014 in vayamba university, kurunagala .
uva province .
provision of shelter to the relevant families is a very special and complex aspect in delivering the services of the ranaviru sewa authority for the benefit of war heroes and their families .
you should have seen the enthusiasm of those boys and girls they had brought a big photo album with them and their faces were lit with joy .
we have been hearing and saying ahimsa parmodharmah from our childhood .
name mrs omvp mudalige .
i want to tell my worker brothers and sisters too that you have faced heavy exploitation .
advance to employees programme .
i would like to share a couple of personal experiences with you .
this will be a big help to them .
for about two months now, everyday fifteen thousand people have been winning a prize of a thousand rupees each .
3 arranging financial sponsorships of donors for the benefit of ranaviru children with disabilities or those who are sick .
positioncheif accountant .
3 supplying prizes for the aurudu festival conducted by the nugedolawattha ranaviru village .
8foreign funded projects under the ministry .
the villages should be provided with all the facilities that are available in the cities .
no 75852, susithapura, .
minuwangoda zone .
fisheries and aquatic resources development .
a client debtors .
noof total flags .
everyone has tried to rid the country of its problems in ones own way .
paramitha live telecast .
one attribute has always been part parcel of mahatma gandhis being and that was his sense of service and the sense of duty towards it .
the number of successful space missions attempted since the country's independence till 2014 have been equal to those successfully completed in the past four years .
all of these festivals are usually celebrated between 13th and 17thjanuary .
hanging flags .
43 budgetary control .
b debtors .
the official languages commission has been established under the provisions of the official languages commission act no 18 of 1991 .
why dont we too, be a part of this journey from swaraj to suraaj by making our lives disciplined, and filled with resolve .
vesak teledrama 01, .
new year and nethra anniversary .
pandharpur is a holy town in solapur district in maharashtra .
i hope our youth will lend a hand in taking this movement of cleanliness forward .
in this very kranti mandir, a visual arts museum has been established .
also, certificate awarding ceremony in relation to the 2nd semester 2014, was held under the auspicious of honminister a mano ganesan in 2015 .
the world is facing natural calamities .
november 514 .
traveling subsidence foreign .
but there was something which surprised me and made me equally happy .
i told them that for this season why dont all these organizations and our youth make an effort for water conservation .
in india almost on all 365 days of the year, one festival or the other is celebrated in some part of the country .
pattam poochchikal .
the program project carried out on behalf of the exhibition dayata kirula 2012 held at oya maduwa, anuradhapura was also conducted under the supervision of educational programmes division but the main responsibility of the project had to be taken over by the documentary unit .
daily from 1st september 2012 to 31st december 2012 .
she is the first indian woman to win a gold in the individual table tennis category too .
they have embarked upon the journey of being partners in nation building .
he let sunshine peep into the darkened lives of the deprived and the oppressed .
wherever he went, he took many initiatives for the welfare of the society .
a understatements and overstatements .
4 digital arching of old programmes with two new xdcam pdw 1500 machines installed in mcr there were 50,000 hours of rupavahini productions national events to be archived, and planned to purchase more xdcam machines to speed the process .
and, on teachers day, i salute pulela gopi chand ji for his hard work, his dedication towards sports and his manner of finding happiness in the success of his disciples .
truly our young generation, especially the daughters of our country are doing so much to bring glory to the nation .
today, on christmas day, as a gift the countrymen are going to get the benefit of two schemes .
conducted at mahawa, ehala sri sutharnaramavihara, puttalam from 26072014 to 27072014 .
registration fees .
the maintenance unit is divided into basic maintenance and eng maintenance sub units .
this year, we are going to observe the 75th anniversary of the uit india movement .
05 4 jayaviru lottery income .
thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history .
you must be wondering why rajani did that .
displaying trilingual alphabets in schools, building words and sentences on daily, weekly and monthly basis and conducting programmes to encourage winners by giving points, .
47 urban institutions had received about 3 to 3 5 thousand crore rupees in taxes last year .
friday, 11 august 2017 .
but do refer it to others .
3 mahiyangana .
i am sure these festivals are an opportunity to make new resolves .
i am confident that all the experiences we had during this period would be very useful to achieve a more systematic and constructive progress in the coming year .
224 lack of evidence for audit .
only for january month .
much as you wait for mann ki baat, i await your messages with greater eagerness .
093 supplies expenses .
94066 2233542 .
the government of india wants to specially reward technology developed to find solutions to our problems .
just like diwali, it should be our own festival .
so many years have passed and yet, ueen elizabeth has treasured the handkerchief gifted by mahatma gandhi .
18082014 32014 guidelines for preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
advance account of public officers .
noof distributed flags .
many such stories have been shared by people .
and this time i have spoken about it well in time .
the message that our constitution conveys is that no one should be harmed in any way .
in august 2016, about 90 political parties in the country, many of these parties in the parliament, which were staunch opponents of each other and which do not miss the slightest opportunity against each other, all these parties got united and passed the gst act .
further, the marketing production unit was responsible for producing national events and musical programs on client base the number of lottery draw programs produced daily by the unit was 1404 annually .
from december 2010, the multi camera unit commenced its field service and was able to curtail the number of staff involved at a production which helped in lowering the budget of program production during the year 2012 .
colombo 07 .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation was able to make considerable savings by purchasing new jib arm equipment, eliminating the necessity to hire from external parties .
the unit contributed a great deal by undertaking the makeup for the “ranaviru real star” reality tv program in 2012 .
besides being an integral part of our democracy, it is even older than our republic i am referring to our election commission .
and today, as i speak on the rio olympics, i would like to mention the name of a poetry lover, suraj prakash upadhyay a student of the punjab central university, who has sent me a poem .
chhavi yadav ji, thank you very much for your phone call .
and, she has said that a letter from the prime minister was no less than a padma shree honour for her .
rashid represents what constitutes the best of afghanistan .
i have the faith that you will definitely continue operating the bank accounts .
and this practice kept on spreading and now it is contributing to global climate change .
i do not know how you will take my suggestions but it is not just me but many other people saying the same thing .
whereas we hear of a polling station at 15,000 feet above mean sea level in himachal pradesh we also learn about the same being organised in remote islands of the andaman nicobar archipelago .
additionally, we were able to add a high standard visual quality for drama and musical productions as we purchased a special effect filter and a clay box .
grade 1 .
odisha has a dignified historical background and has a very rich cultural tradition .
be it the government, institutions, society, citizens we all have to come together to make this happen .
31 october happens to be the birth anniversary of sardar sahib, i shall dwell upon his birth anniversary in detail in the next episode of mann ki baat but today i want to mention that for the past few years, the occasion of sardar sahibs birth anniversary on october 31 is marked in every small town and district by organizing the 'run for unity' race .
in china, yoga was practiced on the great wall of china, and on the world heritage site of machu picchu in peru, at 2400 metres above sea level in france, yoga was performed in the vicinity of the eiffel tower .
expenditure heading 6 leadership training workshops .
the selection of the 2010 winners provincial wise for children’s skills evaluation programme is as follows .
bunka awards, .
in diwali we burst fire crackers of all kinds .
there probably is no area, no aspect of nature which remained untouched .
schedule calendar .
097 housing project .
indias scientists have demonstrated this prowess .
02 bilingual public action programme .
along with it a 20 gm gold gunion will also be available for the people .
i am from gujarat i known of a game played in gujarat called chomal isto .
programs produced and telecasted by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation music unit in 2012 .
they have made a big contribution in creating a positive environment and are leading the cleanliness campaign in their own ways .
this week i had the opportunity to meet our daughters, the members of our womens cricket team .
jamsetji tata was a true visionary, who not only foresaw indias future, but also duly laid strong foundations .
this year marks the centenary of the champaran satyagraha .
1 to establish an effective communication through mobilizing individual ranaviru families scattered all over the island in a manner bringing honor and dignity to the ranaviru name .
southern province .
hearing aid .
establishing language circles in school level and implementing programmes via them .
now, i cannot say that if i go somewhere and somebody brings a bouquet i will refuse it .
boc skill dev project .
june 0105 .
jana niyamuwano programme .
i dont have to be caught in a traffic jam and i dont have to stop for anyone as well .
01printing of books and practical books .
discussion programme, weekly live telecast .
i conducted my audit in accordance with sri lanka auditing standards .
i guidelines 2141, 341 and 43 .
leaving home for the first time, moving out of ones village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of ones life .
vijjakaraya single episode teledrama .
national design centre 2012 .
my dear countrymen, greetings to all of you .
the moment rajani won the medal she rushed to a nearby milk stall drank a glass of milk .
secondly i had mentioned about skill acquisition, dont you feel that you should learn something new .
i would like to inform those waiting for organs and those willing to donate that a national registry for organ transplantation has been launched on 27th november .
the functions of the planning division .
80 of vehicle repairs were successfully completed within the sri lanka rupavahini corporation garages which ensured that the repairs were done properly while saving costs .
june 1122 .
the flower heads of the summer fruit mango manifest themselves in the spring season itself .
international relations unit .
wildlife resources conservation .
your curiosity is but natural .
not just that, just observe the rapidly enhancing levels of excellence in indian sports .
c during the year under review, 497 employees out of a total of 540 employees of the corporation were voluntarily compensated and retired .
license to manufacture country made foreign spirits from spirits distilled from the coconut or any of its products other than toddy .
nugasevana mondays thursdays .
friends, this time around, the government of india has provided you with a great opportunity .
choose destination .
a few hours later, the year will change, but this sequence of our conversation will go on, just the way it is .
delft dupathe sancharaya .
i felicitate the residents of mubarakpur, for transforming the pious occasion of ramzan into an opportunity for the welfare of society on .
law and order .
b even though the internal audit of the ayurvedic medical council should be carried out by the ministry of indigenous medicine, an internal audit relevant to the year 2012 had not been carried out .
all payments in respect of the year 2011 were made .
since 1995, 12th january, the birth anniversary of vivekananda is celebrated as the national youth festival .
the people engaged in small enterprises give strength to the nations economy .
colombo – palali link for video transmission .
equality and equal opportunity, compassion and fraternity, these are the paths leading us to a bright future .
health master plan .
54 investigation of complaints .
and i was travelling to a certain place .
it was afghanistans first international match and its a matter of honour for us that this historic match for afghanistan was played with india both teams performed par excellence .
central government and state governments are working hand in hand with their utmost efforts to provide relief and assistance to the floodaffected .
mission indradhanush is one such operation that involves a vaccination program covering those kids who got left out during previous immunization campaigns and empowers them with immunity against serious diseases .
ups room in deniyaya txstation, .
there is no need to go to the tehsil if our need is met in our village .
the people who are a part of the government will also work efficiently and the people of the nation will welcome them with open arms .
come, let us be proud about these indians who have lived their lives in south africa embodying our highest and fundamental ideals .
i congratulate everyone connected with this cleanliness programme providing strength to it .
all these festivals may carry different names but the underlying or inherent feeling of celebrating them is singular these are harvest festivals and somewhere or the other are connected with crops and farming, connected with the farmer, with the village and with our barns .
3 during olympic station 03 lobby was taken as a expanded studio to provide live coverage .
registrations of new marriages30 couples, who had been living together without married, were registered free of charge in 2015 .
he studies in the kendriya vidyalaya of banaras hindu university .
on one hand, where we have professionals and engineers, on the other hand, there exist farmers tilling the fields, our brethrensisters associated with agriculture .
the army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers .
53 internal audit .
we are trying to provide a smoke free life to 5 crore such families and we are successfully advancing in that direction .
vadamaradchi zone .
annex 06 .
internal management of the department of national budget .
sanda diya dothak, .
reimbursement of electricity charges sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
this means that an average of eight and a half thousand people witnessed the grandeur of the 'statue of unity' every day .
the medium of mann ki baat has promoted many a mass revolution .
10 districts have also been declared free of open defecation .
we are proud of our army .
avurudu udanaya studio 4, .
he has been promoting the cleanliness program through etv for the past one year the newspapers carry news about them and he has emphasized on positive news about cleanliness .
it has been decided to publish a manual consisting historical specialities of famous hindu temples in sri lanka for the benefits of local and foreign devotees .
the ritu of vasant, that is, the season of spring is indeed the confluence of these two months .
in a way, everyone is seen working towards the cause of cleanliness in a conscious manner .
dec 0213 .
though all of our festivals are associated with nature in one way or the other, but in our country blessed with the bounty of cultural diversity, there are different ways to celebrate this wonderful episode of nature in different forms .
accident insurance .
once the appropriation bill became an act and the minister of finance issued warrants authorizing to incur expenditure as indicated in printed estimates .
he always showed the path of truth, work, service, kindness and amity to the society .
all tweets and responses received were really inspiring .
current affairs unit consists of two main sections .
in a few hours, we reached nepal and helped people over there .
pandit nehru, the first prime minister of india visited bodh gaya .
capital allowances .
reference to laws, rules, regulations etc, .
the authority provided only one artificial foot .
you may also be having similar experience .
our culture, our traditions have never taught us to be at loggerheads with nature .
01012014 12014 authorization for incurring expenditure for 2014 and public expenditure management .
salaries payable .
d it has been pointed out from time to time in the audit that there have been numerous instances where customs officers have been rewarded with tax revenues and penalties levied from various parties without special customs investigation .
sanskrit language classes .
list of new training programs conducted by slida .
alongside the festivities of deepawali, we also prepare to celebrate chhathh pooja .
the government system will continue to work towards this but i would like to request all the parents to make their children aware of all the safety rules pertaining to driving a twowheeler or a fourwheeler the families should encourage discussion of road safety at home and create an atmosphere about the same to promote road safety .
sant kabir das ji, through his verses saakhis and dohas stressed upon the virtues of social equality, peace and brotherhood .
see by month .
no one should exploit you .
b the first programme of it was conducted for 40 participants at sarvodaya batticaloa .
it has been almost 70 years .
b action had not been taken to find out the existence of the depositor of institutions and those deposits had not been confirmed as refundable deposits .
numerous references of voyages and expeditions of the cholanavy are found even today in sangam literature .
deputy managertraining .
pannisai classes are conducted at district level every year to encourage the talent of aranrery school students in pannasai .
so burning the stump of crops not only burns them, it burns the skin of our motherland the top soil of our land is burnt which pushes our fertile soil to death .
estimated expenditure .
presidents and secretaries of all community were informed by letters about the national ranaviru day .
112 acres .
inspired by his vision, the 'national human rights commission' nhrc was formed on 12th october 1993 .
my young student friends, first of all, i thank you for writing to me .
1 conducting ranaviru remembrance ceremonies at the national and the regional levels .
investment income .
puttlam district committee meeting on 25072011 .
our air warriors astounded everyone by performing yogasans in mid sky, some 15 thousand feet above the earth .
the other group of correspondents have stressed that this is such a good work being carried out for the welfare of the country, such a sacred task but they have also noted that in spite of this there are many scams being committed and new avenues of dishonesty are being explored .
ranaviru celebrations were held at the regional and provincial levels through out the island recollecting the dignity of the war heroes and to remind the people that the war heroes are a respectable group in the society the regional and provincial level ceremonies resulted in reaffirming the ranaviru families as heroic families with dignity .
this is the strength of my country which encompasses the spirit of service, of sacrifice and also of genuineness and honesty .
once again, i thank all of you from the core of my heart .
ushas feat, lalita babar qualified for the finals in track and field .
powder coating of hospital furniture has been introduced since last year for increasing demand for better surface finish and durability from health sector .
transfer fees .
i am receiving news from many railway stations in the country where the local populace has taken to depicting on the walls of the railway stations, their areas identity, through means of their arts .
this time i thought of conducting a new experiment through mann ki baat .
vivekanada aranery school .
hitendra mahajan and dr .
arrangements have been made to make the data base operational in 2012 with the completion of the data survey .
uttarakhand and haryana have also been declared odf, this week .
the following indicates the airtime that sri lanka rupavahini corporation channels were telecasted during the year 2012 .
other factors affect nature and these also influence the human mind .
attempting to know the universe, the laws of nature, the inner recesses of the human mind is an unending process .
no 30, school avenue, .
make headway with this mantra .
they should have a feeling of team spirit and the qualities of a good leader for their overall holistic development .
you see, if all the people of one state will do this, then i will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state .
the ranaviru real star reality tv program .
no8 and 1l 0f ac 40 r02 p28 1871 of kadagatha wewa .
the exit of the red beacon through a government decision is part of a system .
he was very passionate about the development of west bengal .
314 – 2 foreign grants .
rooma devnath writes, i truly feel happy healthy through my morning walks .
the flow of ganga adds momentum to the economic pace of the country .
this is the birth anniversary of the great hockey player, hockey wizard, major dhyan chand ji .
be it public places, stations, religious places, hospitals, parks or other places, he ran a cleanliness drive .
assessable income .
they are worried about environment .
when sardar patel was informed of this, he wasted no time in initiating stern action .
and we have received quite significant suggestions .
selvavinayakar temple, olumadu, mankulam .
with this i got an idea and i am requesting you all to send suggestions about what should be the topics for my 15th august speech .
assistant director, department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
may it be mannarkovil, chiran mahadevi, kovilpatti or pudukottai you will get to see massive stone inscriptions to this effect .
and you will be happy to know that hardly four or five countries in the world possess this capability .
these village pradhans spoke about these topics with such affection and openness that everything touched my heart .
unlawfully sale of heroin .
we have got a wonderful chance to serve our mother india and to take our country to new economic heights .
have you ever thought how many poor people can be fed if we dont thus waste our food .
this year 2nd october is a sunday so can we involve ourselves in the cleanliness mission in some way .
saddharma makaranda programme .
2nd october is the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri ji .
it is my faith that awareness in this field will increase and the needful will receive the best of help in true sense .
war situation .
that day too i had said that cleanliness should become our nature, a duty for every citizen and there should be an atmosphere harbouring a sense of revulsion against filth .
the constitution of india was adopted by the constituent assembly on this day in the year nineteen fortynine .
it should be our pledge that water from the villages stays in the villages and water for the cities remains available for them .
there is a direct connect with nature .
the prophet saab said, feeding a poor and needy and meeting everyone cordially, whether you know him or not .
for this outstanding work, united nations environment programme or unep awarded champion of the earth award to sh .
they are organizing a public awareness campaign for organ donation .
the media also made this festival of lights into an opportunity and an occasion to express gratitude towards our armed forces .
accordingly, these“apurwa nade” news letters have been distributed to all ministries, district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
the 3d and 2d graphics and the creativities the staff provided for the programs have helped to up lift the quality of the programs and were able to obtain the highest ratings for the programs as same .
my dear countrymen,our country is a land of diversities these diversities are not limited to our cuisine, life style and attire .
one young postgraduate student pooja nemade from maharashtra keeps sharing her experience with friends about how her family members are using rupay card and ewallet facilities and deriving enjoyment out of it and also as to how important the prize of rupees one lakh is for her .
those who will consider it a pleasure, will have achievements, while those who will consider exams a pressure, will have to repent .
local programme nottelecast .
socio psychosocial project .
labour and labour relations .
25 billion indians, commemorate agast kranti day of 9th august, and each person resolves on 15th august, that he or she will do for the country, this much as an individual, as a citizen, this much as a family, this much as a society, this much as a village, this much as a city, this much as a government department, and this much as the government .
to be the flagship broadcaster of all sri lankans .
payment for old beneficiaries .
cost as at 1 st january 2011 .
38 cash and cash equivalents .
studio 1 .
non current liabilities .
this indeed is a convenience, but at the same time it is also bolstering the economic progress .
further with the retirement of the war hero the family income declines .
every year on march 8, 'international women's day' is celebrated .
while observing engineers day, we should think of the future as well .
on the one hand, brave hearts like bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru, were inspiring the youth towards an armed revolution .
there was an earnest heartfelt connect .
the planning division is one of the main divisions of the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
the cash flow statement has been prepared using the indirect method .
from day one, i have thanked our media friends since they have brought may such small and good success stories before the people .
number of cases filed against sri lanka rupavahini corporation during the year 2012 .
these are our gateway to the whole world .
never rest till every why, what how are answered .
it is an attractive tourist destination too .
types of liquor licenses .
this work is difficult but it must be done .
in a small country like singapore, programs were organised in 70 places, with a week long campaign .
every daughter started regaining her own self confidence self esteem .
water supply and drainage .
this is great help for the common man, especially for senior citizens who require medicines on a daily basis and results in a lot of savings .
other programmes .
and, i shall never be able to forget what our victorious sister deepa malik had to say .
you must have been a witness yourself to the curiosity in the air when the padma awards are announced, and people are inquisitive about the awardees .
3731 employee loans .
the language circle consists of a panel which includes student representing each class, the principal and teachers .
the vision of the government factory is to develop the customer services, both internal and external, to the highest quality in keeping with global trends .
we should move in this direction .
one young person learned to play wheelchair basket ball in order to be able to help the wheelchair basket ball team of differently abled, divyang players .
making necessary arrangements to present the appropriation bill for 2015 to parliament, on time .
i will be happy to remain connected with you .
saturday ayubowan, .
the corporation operates as the national television broadcaster in sri lanka with the prime objectives of providing education, entertainment information to a multi ethnic multi religious sri lankan society .
those who return after performing this pilgrimage become imbued with the feelings of warmth and kinship displayed by the people of the state .
4 letters referred to the kekirawa pradeshiya sabha for necessary action in connection with on going construction work of pre school building at kekirawa ranaviru village .
43 tabling of annual reports in the parliament .
under the project to promote tamil arts, seminar on falk tamil arts was conducted on 10th, 11th and 12th october at navatkuda hindu culture hall, batticaloa .
it is the need of the times that weve to address the aspirations that have been arisen in the poor of our nation .
ii cash flows generated from operating activities .
the concerns you have raised on the depleting ground water levels is indeed of great importance .
with the purchase of essential engineering and studio equipment we have also saved a huge sum of money which could have otherwise been spent for outsourcing .
indias image will be enhanced if the tourist destinations are clean .
staff of the ranaviru sewa authority .
choose a city .
name ms s kavitha .
a child or an elderly person, a woman or a man, everyone needs cleanliness and everyone should contribute towards the cause of cleanliness .
a workshop was successfully concluded at monaragala in the uva province .
in the sidelines of the programme, an attempt at obtaining a rough understanding of the network systems needed for the future activities of the ministry also made .
and two other ministries, the ministry of shipping and the ministry of water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation will take the cleanliness campaign forward during the last two weeks of march .
through its highly competitive launch services, india today not only propels satellites of developing countries but also those of developed nations .
i want to request you to kindly highlight this issue by sending a team there, or through the newspapers .
this programme is conducted for 06 months at the rate of 10 hours per month at the agalawatta training centre .
furniture and fittings .
official address zonal education office, welimada .
sep 4 14 .
once again i pay my homage to a great leader like him .
122 unidentified transactions .
review the audit examine reports of the auditor general and the special audit quarries submitted to this department .
the responsibility is to prevent pilling up documents unnecessarily in the respective units and divisions .
over 7200 hindu people got benefits .
my dear countrymen, the 12th of november, 2019 is the day when the 550th prakashotsav of guru nanak dev ji will be celebrated across the world .
they set out on the march to the sound of the bugle for freedom .
if we were to do this, the quality of the soil in our fields would improve and the capacity of ponds to store water would increase .
in 1941, mahatma gandhi started penning down a few thoughts in the shape of a constructive programme .
come, let us collectively do such things of interest for the common man in their language and inspire them to avail things which are their rights .
during the year 2012 this unit has contributed its service in more than 2165 field programmes, over 6750 studio productions and 400 outdoor broadcasting programs .
compared to last year, the total sales of khadi handicrafts have risen almost by 90 .
granting of community housing loans 2011 .
these festivals, from the point of view of organization, event management and peoples participation, set new and high standards .
annex 45 .
local programmes not telecast .
defined benefits obligations paid .
it was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed .
accordingly, empowering of 54 officers of the ministry and its affiliated institutions as language plan technical committee officers took place .
in order to be treated as such, there are three factors that must be recognized, such as the ability to control the detection and the potential economic benefits of the future the intangible assets should be amortized under the following policies .
it should be our constant endeavor that our women also get equal rights and equal opportunities just like men get so that they can proceed simultaneously on the path of progress .
but besides these sterling qualities, he was also a striking poet and a social reformer who always emphasized on goodwill and unity .
through mann ki baat, i once again have been blessed with the opportunity to be facetoface with you .
15092011 oddusudan army camp .
people are fighting a battle against malnutrition in innovative and interesting ways .
tax on foreign programmes .
this will allow faster decisionmaking on all subjects related to water .
janapathi seth pirith .
with an event of such scale magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there .
you see, all these new experiments, these skills are such that they will bring you joy and will remove you from the limitations of life to which youre tied down .
a applications for security bonds had not been documented and the applications which were rejected had not been filed by pointing out the reasons for such rejections .
thus, a number of articles on buddhism and social integration, importance of multilingualism and insightful artistic songs at stimulating interethnic feelings have been successfully released .
it is true that the more we give prominence to good things, the less space there will be for bad things .
purchasing of musical instrument .
of the recommendations of the lessons learned and reconciliation commission, implementing the appropriate recommendations to implement the language policy .
during the course of the event, of the projects initiated by the national language project, those projects to be continued in the future as well were discussed .
textile loan .
20 other payables .
salaries allowances – permanent staff .
e to assist .
more than i year .
i remember the day when netajis family paid a visit to the prime ministers residence .
you know, yesterdayjune 23, was the death anniversary of dr shyama prasad mukherjee .
he emphasized not only on the spirit of service, but also on the inner happiness it led to .
total carrying amount of property, plant equipment .
this stands for the sheer size spread of our democracy .
this year also i request that each family should buy one or the other khadi item so that the poor may also be able to light an earthen lamp and celebrate diwali .
the best dubbing programme .
to commemorate sinhala and tamil new year .
32 operating inefficiencies .
instances of nonsupply of goods for the advances granted in the year 2011 even by september 2013 were observed .
no of new recipients .
provided the following technical facilities for studio and outside productions .
rehabilitation of puluganawi irrigation scheme .
in addition to that attend 197 numbers of break downs of ac units and related equipment .
a long period of time is required to issue the entire number when considering the manner they apply for them and a much time has to be spent to complete the related work till the issuance .
a while ago, when distinguished dignitaries of all asean countries were here on the 26th of january, they were accompanied by cultural troupes from their respective countries .
my dear fellow citizens, a number of important occasions are coming up in april, especially on 14th of april which happens to be the birth anniversary of baba saheb bhimrao ambedkar .
flap gates use for barrages .
the project of corporate plan for the period of year 2013 – 2017 was successfully completed and released .
the attention of crores of indians is focused on the asian games being held in jakarta .
procurement examination of bidding document quataion form .
finance leases payable current portion .
we can only do this when we ourselves are proud of our traditions .
this year both these brothers have won this race they have made us proud .
they also displayed as to how convenient these new technique toilets are and there is absolutely no inconvenience or hesitation in emptying or cleaning these toilets and even the psychological barrier does not come in the way at all .
it should be the collective voice of 125 crores countrymen .
creditors control .
they had come from different villages of the kashmir valley, there were around 4050 pradhans .
in 2012 this unit directly provided its service to several special tasks .
he contacted farmers and urged them to craft khadi bags .
the way we jointly ran a mega campaign selfi with daughter, which spread globally similarly, this time, let us do a campaign bharat ki lami .
ekta bhyan, another daughter of the country, in response to my letter, has emailed me from indonesia, where she is now preparing for the asian games .
a even though in terms of section 111 e of part iii of the ayurvedic act no 31 of 1961, 03 members elected out of registered ayurvedic practitioners should be included in the composition of the council, no practitioners registered in the council had been included in it .
around 1000 police officers including high ranking officers of 78 police stations in rathnapura, kegalle, nuwaraeliya and badulla districts have participated in these programmes .
this year it will take place in sri lanka .
and so if we remember them also while we are in our festive mood, our remembrance gets a new vigour which gets imparted to them also and they feel a new strength .
total government expenditure .
since last many years, run for unity programs have been organized in various parts of the country on the 31st of october .
the following matters were discussed here .
this process involves a continuous consultation with the line ministries, departments, statutory agencies of the government and the relevant treasury departments .
we have many festivals and religious rituals which are based on worshiping nature and affection towards nature is a part of our everyday life this is true in case of all sections of society whether lettered or unlettered , rural or urban and even tribal communities .
my dear countrymen, 5th of june is the first monday of the month .
mr mohan samaranayake .
firstly, these girls have created an image of mother india by thumb prints on a huge piece of cloth .
the presentday students of journalism and the champions of democracy have been endeavouring towards raising awareness about that dark period, by constant reminders, and should continue to do so .
there is still time left before the start of durga pooja festivities .
when i address election rallies, sometimes i suffer from a sore throat or a hoarse voice .
you must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished .
08 single counseling psycho counseling support .
it is our way of paying homage to sardar patel's aspirations through this award for national integration .
accessories of gates .
25 lakh bank mitras are serving in the country .
this is a good beginning .
name mr n sirisena .
three world records in a single day by divyang people is a matter of great pride for our countrymen .
like anjan prakash in jharkhand, many lakhs of young besides running the yuva jan aushidhi kendras in the country are providing affordable medicines in the nearby villages .
accordingly, the advance account activities of the year 2014 have been carried out within the approved limits .
this comment came from brother muhammad aslam who stays in shopian, jammu kashmir .
a number of initiatives were taken to grant them loans under mudra yojana .
this yatra journey is known as wari and lakhs of warkaris join this .
and besides india, these satellites are of france, germany, italy, japan, britain and america, nearly 14 such countries .
the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who made to retire while on duty on doctor’s recommendations .
this app is not only connecting the villagers with the whole world but now they can obtain any information on their own mobile phones .
one must strive to avoid accidents first but it is also important for us to see from the perspective that each and every soul, each and every life is precious .
thank you for your phone call .
available for sale financial asset .
lord budha, lord mahavir, guru nanak, mahatma gandhi this is the land which gave the message of love and nonviolence to the world .
deferred tax .
the cg that is required for news also complies with the unit .
but when i read their letter, i realized how beautifully a symbolic message was given .
telephone no .
4 mallawapitiya .
significant financial difficulties of the debtor, probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganization and default payments are considered indicators that the trade receivable is impaired .
excise reward fund 2012 .
it conjures images of death waiting at the doorstep but each of these ten children, not only fought against the dreaded disease cancer in their battle of life, but also brought glory laurels to the country .
he has written respected modi sir, first of all, congratulations on our winning two medals at rio .
for the past three decades, in belagavi, she has made a great contribution towards changing the lives of countless women .
various instances of the workshop for preparing question papers for oral tests .
coordinating with the divisions of ministry and the institutions functioning under the ministry to prepare the annual plan and the annual performance report of the ministry .
a wonderful account about savarkarji has been given by our dear honorable atal bihari vajpayee ji .
coordinating the implementation of the activities in relation to the pilot projects identified by the ministry .
my dear countrymen, i am glad that every time, i request people for suggestions in mann ki baat, numerous suggestions pour in .
i invite you .
4 programmes conducted in collaboration with the national language project from 01012015 to 31052015 only .
between now and the fifa under17 world cup in 2017, we should infuse a spirit of enthusiasm in the youth one advantage of playing the host for this event is that a whole lot of infrastructure will get created with addition of sports facilities .
he was employed in a small job for eking out his living, but he was also fond of painting in the traditional tribal art form .
a identification of landless war heroes and their families .
dimbulagala zone .
the ranaviru villages that received village housing loans in 2011 .
advance on foreign purchase – spares parts .
i believe that when these kids go to britain to study, this memorial of babasaheb will become a pilgrimage for them, it will become a source of inspiration .
we express our perception of him based on our thinking .
they sacrifice their youth for the country so that 125 crore countrymen may live in peace .
sri kathirvelautha swamy temple, rokkanthanai estate, hali ela .
friends, in every field of life and when taking exams, if you were able to study peacefully for two hours earlier, then are you now able to do so for three hours .
mann ki baat, september 2019 .
i state this from my own experience because i have served in the bharat scouts and guides and this had a very good impact upon my life .
printing books and language text books likely to facilitate language proficiency and conducting language proficiency tests .
cannot be calculated .
attention of officers has been drawn to the fact that dealing with official documents should be in official languages .
compilation of the simplified road map document containing the facts to be considered by the other ministries in the preparation of their road maps, is yet another undertaking being carried out with the technical contribution of the national language project .
pedestals and operating mechanisms required for variety of load conditions of gates are also provided .
exchange losses .
the very mention of easter reminds us of the inspirational preaching of lord jesus christ which has always impressed on mankind the message of peace, harmony, justice, mercy and compassion .
53 printed media advertisements .
shivakumar swamiji was a true follower of this tenet .
over some time lately, many have written on this subject many of them have been telling me about it .
debtors employee .
development of the poorest of the poor is the real indicator of peace .
general physician .
these officers contribute the technical knowledge in the training programmes on preparation of language plans, conducted by the ministry .
i look at the positive side of it, which is that even the parliament of the country is discussing about the issue of cleanliness in india .
they can sponsor young professionals willing to work for swachchhata mission .
and that is how himachal pradesh has been empowered to become an open defecation free state .
information related brand names in sinhala and tamil were gathered, letters were sent to 75 institutions to find the sinhala and tamil equivalents to them accordingly, 95 brand names were received from 25 institutions and work pertaining to 27 brand names of 05 institutions has been completed and handed over to those institutions .
as per the request of school teachers, and students, the classes were conducted for the students who learn hindu religion and hinduism .
096 others .
but this month is also very special to all of us because of the festival of holi .
linking with various institutions to meet the needs of family members of war heroes through skills development project .
the swelling middle class of the country, its increasing economic power, increasing purchasing power .
matugama zone .
4 conducting workshops on self employment .
i speak about sports today, and just last week, a heartwarming incident took place, which i would like to share with my countrymen .
no of programme .
i appreciate the views of ganesh jee and convey this message to the people of our country .
if she had not forbidden me from revealing her name, i from the core of my heart wanted to announce her name while talking to you .
official address zonal education office, muthur .
but when you present a book, it becomes a part of the household, a part of the family .
amir khusro has writtenphool rahi sarson sakal banambwa phoote, tesu phoolekoyal bole, daar daar,that is,behold the mustard blooming everywhere, all aroundhere the inflorescence on the mango tree, there the jungle flame blossomsthe nightingale cant help but sing merrily on the branches .
on the one hand, the machinations went on to generate tension for week or two, but, when the decision was taken on ram janmabhoomi, the government, political parties, social organizations, civil society, representatives of all sects and saints gave restrained and balanced statements .
as part of the celebration of his 100th year the bohra community society had launched a huge campaign to save the sparrow under the aegis of burhani foundation .
during a foreign visit, diplomacy is practiced, there are trade deliberations, discussions about security and as is customary, many mous are concluded .
the strategies adopted by the government to develop the life styles of village communities and the tanks as well as the change of the rural artistic affairs .
saving account interest income .
providing foreign news for hourly news telecast and main news is the main role of them as well .
i congratulate all those who belong to the navy .
on my exam result this time, some people asked me if i had read the book exam warriors .
the number of new designs and inventions of the preceding year had been 679 and number of design samples had been 321, and as compared with that the new designs and the inventions of the year under review had decreased by 1 percent .
security officer .
awareness creation programme among deans and secretaries of universities in western province, with regard to the official languages policy .
there have been efforts towards increasing employment, poverty alleviation, and development .
the project for enforcement of law, access to justice and social integration was initiated based on the experience gathered from i and ii phases of equal access to justice project .
mulatiyana hakmana zone .
what i mean to say is that the festival of lights, deepawali is becoming a festival of inspiration for the world community also to move from darkness to light .
just a month ago, on the 30th of december, i had gone to andaman nicobar islands .
connecting with nature means nurturing a better planet .
special projects under the skills development projects .
no of loans granted .
my dear brothers and sisters, when i was going through your suggestion for mann ki baat this time, i found a very interesting comment from shri manish mahapatra from pudducherry .
6 payment of first installment for the construction of community hall building at galnewa ranaviru village .
even though a period of 03 years had elapsed after the break down of about 20 feet of the side wall constructed near the sports ground and the car park, that had not been repaired .
telephone bills .
travel grants .
maintenance of water elevations in canals and spillways .
breaking news was telecast in three languages, sinhala, english and tamil .
implementation of the recommendations of the officers' committee report in relation to the acquisition of language proficiency by public officers .
payments to officers .
amid the din in parliament, an excellent task was accomplished, which has not attracted due attention of the country .
sometimes we are reluctant to get our medical checkup done .
the temples in jaffna, mullaitivu, batticaloa, ampara, trincomalee and further 76 temples have been selected and started to write essays until now .
1000 students of aranery schools, their parents and the teachers of aranery schools participated for in this ceremony .
literature art festival 2011 ranaviru suwanda programme .
sale of tv time – contra deal .
performance 2014 .
number achieved .
at times a question arises in the minds of peoples as to what i achieved through mann ki baat .
sri saptha kanny temple, vadduvagal, mullaitivu .
whenever we face a torrid summer, or floods, incessant rains or unbearable cold, everybody becomes an expert, analyzing global warming and climate change .
not only this, she has done unprecedented work for the welfare of dalit women too .
she fought with malaria and prepared the entire village to fight against it .
nawagampura ranaviru village .
and not just that, it is a celebration of inspiration for brave hearts .
but my experience was different .
81facilitating social transformation and integration projects .
the field officers, attached to this ministry, have been directed to these divisional secretariats so as to render a more effective service for the general public .
drama division .
national languages and social integration .
jathika pasala, .
3 no of installments .
name mr ma wimalasena .
and he found that some of the families were unable to construct toilets due to lack of funds .
it seems that our daughters in the whole of india have decided to take up the responsibility of bringing glory to the nation .
2 awarding of ranaviru uttama puja medals .
such cultural festivals are thaipongal, sinhala hindu new year festival, haj festival, deepavali and christmas .
you all should start preparing for it right away .
many other young people have shared their experiences, having joined the fit india efforts .
i was inspired to visit the cellular jail only after reading savarkarjis book maazi janmthep .
the chief minister of andhra pradesh, mr chandrababu naidu is the head of a committee which is considering various schemes under this .
annex 33 .
no of registered aranery schools 1,887 .
01 islandwide awareness creation programme for general pubic .
i have been noticing for the last two days that many people have uploaded pictures of the simhastha kumbh mela .
that too silently, and with devotion, as if they are performing tapasya or sadhana .
seminars to government school teachers who teach hindu religion .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the general sir john kotalawala defence university as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
if one has to achieve holistic development, the fact is that there exists a huge world, a life beyond books .
there are still about 4045 days left for that .
i have brought them to you, now it is your job to keep them going .
responding to the messages received through software .
it is natural for each one of us to feel proud of this great tradition of india .
advice and coordinate with the statutory boards on the other financial and management issues such as implementation of mega capital projects etc .
the teledrama ‘jewell in the palace’ produced by mbc was obtained by sri lanka rupavahini corporation as a complimentary item under the patronage of korean embassy of sri lanka .
e d bulb usage .
conducted meetings under the chairmanship of the hon minister of the relevant ministry .
in medical parlance it is called antibiotic resistance hence it is indeed necessary to follow rules in the administration of antibiotics .
d stores control .
in addition, staff officers of this department attended meetings of the committee on public accounts copa and the committee on public enterprises cope in parliament, representing the department .
the chairman had informed that the attorney general had given advice stating that it was not necessary to implement the circular relating to staff and the board of trustees had taken action according to their discretion under item 4 of the deed of trust .
teaching international languages just as sinhala, tamil, and english languages and holding examinations with the application of modern technology .
we indians also feel proud that from vedic times to the modern day, sanskrit language has played a stellar role in the universal spread of knowledge .
the progress of awarding saving investment scholarships to ranaviru children in 2011 .
p s no 2014310 second instalment – part xi state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
in independent india, the record of presenting the budget the maximum number of times is held by morarji bhai desai .
name mr baa wijerathne .
for decades, injustice was being rendered to muslim women but there was no discussion on it .
in our culture much glory has been ascribed to food .
have you ever wondered why he does so .
sometimes you feel scared that our youth have become robot like, living life like a machine .
the number of people who voted in the 2019 lok sabha election is more than the entire population of america, close to double the figure the total number of voters in india exceeds the entire population of europe .
noncompliance with the following laws, rules, regulations and management decisions were observed .
balance at 31 december 2012 .
financial assistance to the temples under capital expenditure .
i once again wish you all the very best on this auspicious festival of diwali .
subsequently, the compilation of the following hand books on preparation of language plans of the government institutions took place .
2 directing donations from local and overseas donors who are interested in the welfare of war heroes .
if you have a photograph with your teacher or an incident connected with your teacher or an inspirational thing associated with your teacher, please do share the same on narendramodiapp .
no of paymentcompleted scholarships in the year 2011 .
as a matter of fact, this young player has won the hearts of people across the globe .
postal services .
walave super cross, .
this great man was none other than our revered dr .
i salute ekta bhyanji, yogesh athuniaji and sundar singh ji, all of you for your fortitude and passion, and congratulate you .
what new practices or procedures can be adopted .
organizational structure of the department of excise .
today, we often hear the name amul .
conducted prebudget meetings for selected ministries and other stakeholders with the chairmanship of he the president .
award winning achievements .
someone researching on climate change or working on ancient indian texts, someone driving a truck for livelihood, who went on to construct a gurudwara or has built a mosque wherever our people are, they have in their own way embellished or adorned the land of their adoption .
during the course of the event, discussions and presentations based on the success of the national language projects carried out from the initial stages up to now took place .
and also, after installing this, there are 05 nos of camera has been facilitated in studio no 3 for programme productions .
the following observations are made relating to this cost of personnel .
we have seen during many such events where if the indian players fail, the anger of the country is vented towards the players .
other arrangements are in progress, but he did something really innovative .
c subcommittee on the conservation of the medical practice for hos compresses moxibustions which are on the verge of nonexistence .
we are battling corruption, black money etc on the lines of military forces .
my dear countrymen, as i have mentioned earlier, a great advantage of mann ki baat is that, im blessed with the opportunity to converse with a lot of people, known or unknown, directly or indirectly .
the aim of this unit is to winning all nominations in the documentary category in all future award ceremonies too .
hence i wish to extend my thankfulness to the secretary and all staff members of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs for their great support .
name mrs kg sirima .
commissioner general of excise .
35 utilization of motor vehicles .
the workingclass women in our country their numbers are increasing day by day, their participation is increasing and this is a welcome trend .
new india will be a place where peace, unity and amity will be our guiding force .
social organisations, cultural organizations and common citizens charged with the spirit of service are also making their utmost efforts to help the affected people in this situation .
the need for a formal plan to maintain optimum functioning as well as to overcome future challenges has been recognized accordingly, we have been able to formulate a corporate plan for the time period 2013 – 2017 and commence operations with a view to achieve annual targets .
if you dont know how to swim, can you resolve to learn swimming during the holidays if you dont know how to cycle, can you resolve to learn cycling during the holidays .
a financial regulations .
in line with the above program, 206 language classes have been established covering the 25 districts with a view to enhancing sinhala and tamil language learning skills a well as improving bilingualism .
with the fullest support from the it unit, the news division was able to telecast the election results successfully .
whether it is the life of a person, life of a nation, or the lifespan of a society, inspiration, is the basis of progress .
services wise .
i am mentioning just the case of jawed because of lack of time but such lights of inspiration are prevalent in every corner of the country they are giving a new lease of life and illuminating the path for others .
fixed deposit state mortgage investment progress .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the defence services command and staff college from time to time .
however, action had not been taken to obtain the additional space up to the end of the month of april 2013 .
regardless of the fact that india could not win the title, the young players of india won the hearts of everyone .
sizes are ranging from 2’x 2’ to up ward .
the overtime earnings of most officers had exceeded their consolidated salaries .
vision of the ranaviru sewa authority .
some war heroes having applied for a block of land from the mahaweli authority requested our recommendation for it .
he used to mention nanajis contribution with great respect and he even went to a village to see nanajis work there .
his birthplace was patna, karmabhoomi was north india and the last moments were spent in nanded .
i am grateful to akbar sahab .
hockey maestro major dhyan chand is a renowned name all over the world .
i heartily congratulate all these cleanlinessloving countrymen for their efforts .
you can imagine how happy i must have been on hearing this news .
revising of the requests for release of monthly cash imprest on the recurrent and the capital grants along with department of treasury operation .
come, lets march together as we do our bit .
the responsibility is to provide opportunity to the staff members to carry out daily activities without any interruption as they are free from unnecessary obstacles .
circuit bungalow caretaker .
ranaviru real star ii .
modi ji your affection made mother very happy .
sardar saheb unified the country .
in order to facilitate institutions in this connection, this ministry has compiled and published a guide book to help public institutions prepare language plans .
we have also created a world record for launching 104 satellites simultaneously from the same spacecraft .
he is a divyang by birth .
i hereby wish to express my deepest gratitude and sincere thanks to all hon ministers, hon members of parliament, hon members of provincial council, and all government intuitions and other stakeholders including hindu religious monks, priests, scholars, institutions, temple trustees and aranery schools for extending their fullest support and cooperation to the activities of our department .
pass the appropriation bill by parliament .
million due to cost escalations and delays .
10 days ago, mother india had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons .
i request the listeners of mann ki baat to visit pandharpur wari at least once, whenever they get a chance .
lokmanya tilak ji gave us the inspirational mantra swaraj, that is, freedom is our birthright .
land ministry and other institutes .
rhythm chat .
“kalabhushana” award .
i was very happy to hear that people not only listen to mann ki baat but also remember it on many occasions .
parttime training programmes conducted for public officers .
accordingly, each spending agency was categorized into said sectors, depending on the activity undertaken .
the commission consists of six members, appointed by his excellency the president .
initiating reviews of any regulations, directions or administrative practices, which affect or may affect, the status or use of one of the three languages .
09 special projects implemented in 2011 .
and when im saying epi in place of vip, the essence of my sentiment is clear every person is important .
recently, i had the opportunity to read a letter, which i feel, i should share with you .
name mr jkva jayalath .
sardar patel was entrusted with overlooking all the arrangements .
he wrote on mygov please take up the topic in mann ki baat as to how the tribes and their traditions and rituals are the best examples of coexistence with the nature .
best lighting of the year .
hire of facilities theatreaudiocurrent affairs .
profit on disposal property plant equipment .
rana viru gammana instructors fee .
01012014 31122014 .
let us all visit the world environment day website wedindia 2018 and try to imbibe and inculcate the many interesting suggestions given there into our everyday life .
there is a need to work unitedly to address issues such as terrorism, climate change, economic development to social justice through universal cooperation and coordination .
it is as if he is, even now, teaching me in the class room .
our services .
we are now realizing the effects of climate change very rapidly .
but this sunday has made one wait endlessly .
such an environment was created that every father wished to click a selfie of himself with his daughter and post it on the social media .
ive been told that assam government has decided to grant a 10 discount on property tax and business license fee if payments are made through digital transaction .
this desire of 125 crore countrymen for change, the effort to change, is what will lay a strong foundation of a new india .
1v foster parents programme .
om shanti shanti shanti .
summary of performance – year 2014 .
and therefore it is necessary to remember that 'a happy mind is the secret for a good mark sheet .
scarcity of raw material .
the yoga incident was a similar reminder .
we say, atithi devo bhava and just imagine how we strive to keep our homes neat and clean when a guest is due to arrive .
similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for lok sabha and for state assemblies .
we have already done a lot towards expanding education .
traveling subsidence local .
name mrs hknnadeeshani .
i had urged all of you to celebrate indias narishakti, the power and achievement of women, thereby felicitating the lakshmi of india .
this is the real story of indian sports which are witnessing an upswing with each passing day .
there are advertisements in the newspapers but it escapes our attention .
workshop on the manufacture of sweets .
in general also i have noticed that i have been receiving suggestions to speak on road safety and make the people aware of this .
bhagini nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of indian culture .
from 1947 to 1950, dr .
preparation of medium term expenditure framework mtef over a period of 03 years .
21 bank overdraft – boc corporate branch .
classical music program .
the department functions as the focal point for the formulation of budget estimates based on a sector wise medium term expenditure framework mtef in consistence with the overall medium term macroeconomic framework .
i believe that the audit evidence i have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my qualified audit opinion .
11042014 13042014 .
issuance of budget circulars giving instructions on expenditure management .
divisional secretariat, mallawapitiya .
also the clay will go back and get dissolved in the pond or the river and will thus help in protecting the environment .
name mr rmp rathnayake .
each one became committed to do something .
nawam perahera .
these mobile services were conducted in hanguranketa, walapane, ayagama, pelmadulla and haliella divisional secretariats .
to know where i stood yesterday and where i stand today .
it is not that we have reached the ideal yet, but the way we have achieved success in odf clean public spaces, it displays the collective will strength of the resolve of a hundred thirty crore countrymen .
the responsibility is to provide space, tidiness and attractiveness in the units and divisions .
district secretariat trincomalee .
08 making provisions for the special projects related to social integration week .
1 from the annual treasury allocation for administration and other day today activities .
every bank provides online banking facility .
huge social reforms can be brought about through mass movements .
a few years ago, we were with great difficulty at a figure half of what we have at present .
01 january 2011 .
shriman rajan bhatt has written on narendramodiapp that he wants to know about my experience of celebrating diwali with security forces and he also wants to know how the security forces celebrate diwali .
name of the war hero or the child .
collective yoga festivals should be celebrated with the participation of millions .
this unit is managed by the deputy director general production services who is also responsible for the administration and supervision of the channel eye, nethra and ntv channels .
artists fees .
e construction control .
it is often seen that girls are not encouraged much to participate in sports such as kabaddi .
yes, for many families, the first part of the year is exam season .
name mr s krishnakumar .
a general knowledge competitive examination was conducted on 28th june 2014 in 160 exam centers island wide for the students of aranery school and around 69,783 students sat for this examination .
cultural religious programmes .
advertisement – tender recruitment .
new training programs .
new showroom battaramulla .
i request to be selected to any one of the courses mentioned above .
just a few days ago, ambassadors of approximately eightyfive countries went to amritsar from delhi .
my best wishes to all the players .
ministers, chief ministers as also mayors and commissioners of metropolitan cities will participate in brainstorming sessions on the sole issue of cleanliness .
7 ranaviru remembrance programmes with outside institutions .
kirti from ghaziabad, swati vats from sonepat, brother praveen from kerala, dr .
keeping in view these issues, in the last few months, the government of india has launched a new campaign prime minister safe motherhood campaign .
excise notification no 902 .
mann ki baat, july 2019 .
i heard it and i think, i will share it with you too .
different languages, different castes, different attires, different food habits and despite all these, unity in diversity remains our binding strength .
they found out newer methods in order to conserve every single drop of water .
perhaps our ancestors intricately wove the annual seasonal cycle, the economy cycle and social life systems in a way that ensured, that under no circumstances, dullness crept into society .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, you must have repeatedly heard the term digital india .
the number of letters posted to schools within this year totaled to 709 .
sama geetha – peace songs .
once again, i bow and pay tributes to the two great sons of bharat mata lokmanya tilakji and chandrasekhar azad ji .
medical relief loan programme .
in 2014, having established bilingual facilitation booths in 06 divisional secretariats and 08 district secretariats, the ministry in 2015 established such booths in the district secretariats located in colombo, trincomalee, puttalam and in divisional secretariats located in lahugala, padiyathalawa, kundasale, kegalle and monaragala .
youth affairs and skills development .
functioning as the strategic centre for providing trilingual knowledge for language education and training with the purpose of implementing the official language policy .
and, this darkness here does not merely signify the absence of light .
a 22year old cab driver brother sabir from delhi adopted the digital mode in his transactions after demonetisation and went on to win a prize of one lakh rupees under the lucky grahak yojana of the government .
sardar vallabhbhai patel took on the reins of weaving a unified india .
western province 2 .
the president and vice president also explicitly expressed their displeasure .
geetika swami, who is active on twitter, says that for her, major khushbu kanwar, daughter of a bus conductor, who has led an all women contingent of assam rifles, is the lakshmi of india .
everyone, be it a common citizen, an administrator, in government offices or roads, bus stops or railways, schools or colleges, religious places, hospitals, from children to old persons, rural poor, farming women everyone is contributing something in achieving cleanliness .
the awakening of the lives of the people in northern eastern areas after defeating terrorism, the awakening of tourism and about the places of worship that were isolated for almost 30 years .
in rural areas too, people can buy or sell through aeps and they can also win rewards .
deputy minister of budhasasana and religious affairs, members of parliament from ratnapura district, district secretary,director from department and several guests participated in this occasion .
leave aside natural disasters most of the mishaps are a consequence of some mistake or the other on our part .
despite this, our soldiers fought bravely and played a very big role and made the supreme sacrifice .
it seemed as if that from every corner of the world, there was a new inquisitiveness, new joy, new hope and new connection .
this should in fact become a mass movement .
however, we can very well discern one characteristic that this entire journey of indian festivals, its widespread effect, its depth, its reach to each individual are all interlinked with one spirit which exhorts evolution from the self to the whole, the collective existence .
accrual bills .
if we want to free ourselves and our country from tb, then we need correct treatment, we need complete treatment .
on similar lines, on the 25th of december, i learnt of the loss of sulagittinarsamma in karnataka .
the air force, navy, army, bsf, cisf, raf, every agency has played an exemplary role in the rescue relief operations .
we feel that we live in very good houses with proper arrangements being totally unaware that water is collecting at some location in the house and that we are inviting dengue .
state mortgage investment bank housing loan fund .
nsb psychosocial project .
in recent times, lucky graahak yojana and digidhan vyapari yojana have received overwhelming support .
i am not urging too much on this issue, but i would like this awareness to spread .
you will be astonished to know that sanskrit is a language that possesses the capacity for infinite word formation with two thousand verb roots, 200 suffixes 22 prefixes .
remember how, during the kumbh, prayagraj was decorated with street paintings .
it could only be a visionary like atalji who brought in this transformation and as a result of this, healthy traditions blossomed in our polity .
this disease can be got rid of .
brothers and sisters, in this years budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce .
exuding printing stationary .
sarvajan hitay sarvajan sukhay, the principle of antyoday these are his gifts to us .
my dear countrymen, one of gandhijis mantras is very relevant event today .
administration division .
she is 9 years old she is the daughter of sadavrat patel, a resident of sundarpur, varanasi .
let us celebrate victory on vijayadashmi .
01 the following projects are being implemented for bringing the ranaviru families into the society with strong morale and a pride he vision .
the high quality popular programs made by the producers of the documentary unit won the best awards for the documentary programmes category at sumathi, raigam and state awards ceremonies .
one rupee per month was being deducted towards insurance premium which my husband had subscribed to .
with their joint efforts, yogesh ji and rajneesh ji have developed a smartgaonapp by utilizing their professional skills .
cassettes tapes bank in main stores .
we grew up, nurturing ourselves on the fruits of that very heritage .
arrangements were made to pay monthly allowance to trainees of the national apprenticeship board while being attached to provincial offices .
audit committees had not been established in the institution and the medical council had participated in the audit and management committee conducted by the ministry of indigenous medicine .
old road, .
official address zonal education office, kothmale .
and similarly in kerala, i really want to thank young people .
prices of these items vary with the customers requirements and not included to standard product price list .
d identification of the code of professional ethics of the ayurvedic medical practitioners .
i have been told that within a span of a month and a half of the commencement of chardham yatra in uttarakhand this year, more than 8 lakh devotees have had the darshan of kedarnath shrine .
dear countrymen, you may be knowing that i have tried to send a letter, to be delivered personally through my representatives, to all those who surrendered their cooking gas subsidy on my appeal .
notes to the financial statements .
the book “moovar thamilum saivanerium” which was submitted in the previous year research seminar, 12th compilation of hindu encyclopedia and thiruvasaka songs cassette were released .
according to the above table,only 04 classes were not held in 2015 .
training of trainers .
public services .
galvanizing also is used instead of painting on the request of customers .
2 to purchase air tickets to participate in 1st volleyball tournament of the disabled played while being seated held in beijing china .
promotion of hindu religion .
this has led to not only availability of cheaper medicines, but also new employment opportunities for individual entrepreneurs .
dec 07 17 .
there will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand adapt .
her passion for cycling is indeed commendable .
tertiary level .
what kind of steps should be taken to strengthen the security of the country and that of the countrymen, was discussed in detail .
and the law regarding benami property that has been enacted and is being implemented is very stringent and it is going to be extremely tough on wrong doers .
official address madhu zonal education office, andankulam, adampan .
number awarded .
london olympic 2012 was telecasted as a live and special event for 17 days .
our revered bapu and south africa shared an unbreakable bond .
with his team, he began with the garbage bins of lodi garden .
to me, each and every individual involved in this mission constitute a new anticorruption cadre in the country .
preparing the annual performance report and submitting it to the parliament, ministry of finance and planning and auditor general .
a medical camp with specialists doctors for the sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff in association with colombo general hospital and health ministry .
it was undoubtedly the ample support and commitment by our entire staff including managers that have made all this possible .
so the first solution is that the brothers and sisters engaged in agriculture need to be trained .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman from time to time .
expenditure of the corporation is accounted for on accrual basis, .
daredevil stunts performed by them was awe inspiring for our foreign guests .
unlawfully sale of arrack .
sanskrit language literature encompasses a storehouse of knowledge pertaining to every facet of life .
kokkuwil hindu college .
corporation refreshment entertainment .
and through these two schemes, the process to make digital payment a mass movement has been initiated it has received a rousing welcome in the entire country .
i am thankful to the countrymen for helping me by writing these innumerable letters to me .
in our country, close to 3 crore women become pregnant every year but some of these mothers die during childbirth .
today, as india and australia get ready to play, i convey my best wishes to both the teams .
this form of compassion was one of the greatest qualities of lord buddha for the alleviation of suffering of the people .
b construction of a six storeyed laboratory for the faculty of engineering .
name mr hg abeyrathna .
but this has happened .
i am glad that many people have given me feedback .
the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is settled .
news of such mishaps, fire breakouts and even tragic casualties become a cause of big concern on deepawali .
a target has been set to use cattle dung, agricultural waste, kitchen waste to produce bio gas based energy .
supreme court .
other clinic .
this is a pleasant experience in itself .
i urge the young generation to register themselves as voters, if they are eligible .
2 nugedolawatta .
1 madulla .
it is a sign of good times for the agricultural sector .
055 housing project .
the stand up scheme and jan dhan account scheme are aimed at freeing these people from the clutches of notorious moneylenders .
if both are combined together they make for a third of the world population .
the actual production units had been 3,112,050 or 33 per cent of the estimated production .
license fee for microsoft product other expenses .
at times, people thinking differently from us also provide new ideas .
on the one hand sardar patel, possessed the rare quality of uniting people on the other, he was able to strike a balance with people who were not in ideological agreement with him .
there will be novel opportunities for newer jobs linked to waste collection, transportation, biogas sales etc .
news gathering local .
7 funding for construction of community halls .
to construct 10,000 household toilets in 71 gram panchayats in those hundred hours .
if it was not for this diversity, we wouldnt have been this proud of our country .
at that point, only 10 minutes were left in the game .
video projector facilities .
after indonesia open and australia open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title .
but also selfevaluate whether the human element within yourself is getting frustrated, are we not moving away from our human qualities .
it is simple because it can be easily learned and it is accessible, since it can be done anywhere .
action has been taken to revise the syllabuses .
one of most significant of these was the drafting committee and dr .
formulated the budget for 2015 in line with the government development policy framework within mtef 20152017 .
phone call'hello mr prime minister, i am neerja singh calling from kanpur .
in other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a marketconnect .
looking at the contribution of teachers in the country from the point of view of students is also immensely valuable in itself .
under this programme, computer based games sinhalatamil including 200 questions related to 10 different fields of the language were produced for improving the knowledge of language in a recreational way and uploaded to the web site .
community district comity meeting .
some days back a newspaper had written a letter to me saying that they had decided that on mondays they would not give any negative news but only positive news .
in the last few days, the world saw how we saved people from yemen to afghanistan .
today, all five brothers are doing well in their respective professions .
tables 8 – amounts of investment income in the year 2012 .
when people will join hands, water will be conserved .
defined benefit obligations .
a washerman, vegetable vendor, milk supplier, newspaper vendor, tea stall owner or a chanaa vendor, everyone can easily use this facility .
456 artists consists of 278 sinhala artists, 100 tamil artists and 78 muslim artists were awarded in this ceremony which was held on 14th december 2014 at bandaranayake memorial international conference hall .
this is an exemplary glimpse of the feeling of positivity, innate to our countrymen .
handicraft production .
they use fake letter pads while sending these letters they obtain your credit card number and debit card number and empty your bank account through technology .
they are also completely unaware of its danger and for this reason sometimes ecigarettessneak into the house out of sheer curiosity .
nature has also changed the rules of the game .
this also helped in improving efficiency .
name mrs hwnk ekanayake .
accordingly, around 2232 participants were trained under the programme through about 30 language training programmes covering the entire island .
we feel that the youths are very ambitious today and they plan big .
a festive atmosphere regarding cleanliness got geared up .
similarly, efforts towards ensuring cleanliness have always inspired mann ki baat .
321 social integration week .
come, let us pay tribute to sardar sahab .
stamp duty .
kotmale zone .
todays scientist becomes a potent catalyst for enduring change in the lives of our future generations .
parliamentary affairs .
this event was held in colombo on 24042015 .
dawase paththara, .
this is what i gathered, learnt and understood from our countrymen during three years of the mann ki baat campaign .
senior management .
however, there had not been a policy for social integration in the country and hence the ministry of national languages and social integration stepped forward to formulate the national policy for social integration .
you just do one thing, take a resolve today itself that you will yourself become a part of the cashless society .
the retirement of 497 employees in the year under review and the production done on the piece rate basis had affected the decrease of the cost of sales and the total expenditure by 50 per cent and 41 per cent respectively .
accrual transport rent concessionary loan project .
last month i had the privilege of releasing the tiger census in the country .
at the beginning of their endeavour, they tried to know and understand india .
how do we bring in new technology, how do we increase productivity, how do we introduce looms driven by solar power .
he utilized this opportunity in improving the citys water supply network .
and, this procedure is as simple as sending messages through whatsapp .
actual cadre .
preparation of observations on cabinet memoranda .
i am reminding you of this because i want the younger generation of our country to take part in sports .
01 inspection of houses being built in the monaragala district and scheduled to open in parallel to the deyata kirula exhibition that took place on 5th and 6th of january .
we can also say 11 may 1988 is engraved in the history of india as a demonstration of her military power .
now the poor have this faith that they too can get money from the bank .
baddegama wimalawansa thero mawatha, .
as i have said before, and i emphasize, that you must visit the northeast in your lifetime .
nonavailability of trilingual announcements .
each newspaper and news channel has bad news for its every breaking news .
according the provisions of appropriation act, limit revisions of 31 public officers’ advance accounts and 05 other advance accounts were submitted for parliamentary approval .
i have instructed the concerned department to convey to you efforts being made in this direction .
this program is implemented to prepare a dictionary gathering tamil words used by sri lankan tamils .
tasseled flags .
and, who can be a better teacher than experience .
this grain is used to make piping hot food for children and women .
project number and name ministry office .
ending of that war is completing one hundred years meaning thereby that a century of ending of the vast devastation and human loss would also get completed .
sending letters to divisional secretariats for gathering information on unidentified blocks of land in all districts .
the number of listeners are in crores out of which lakhs of people write letters to me, send messages, and get their messages recorded on phone, which is a huge treasure for me .
whenever i prepare myself for mann ki baat, i find that the citizens of our country prepare themselves even more .
functions of the department .
5 accountability and good governance .
in bageshwar in uttarakhand, main crops sown are mandwa, chaulai, corn or barley .
nagahakanda estate in madurawela .
expenditure heading 1 ranaviru village home gardening programmes rvsa0801 .
wednesday nugasevana .
gamini vidyalaya .
there are many places where roti banks are operating .
my dear countrymen, the way people are coming forward and volunteering for social works is really inspirational and encouraging for all our countrymen .
especially our childrens achievements, their feats fill us up with energy .
my dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the mann ki baat program has been a really wonderful experience for me .
we can understand this from bapus life .
sunday, 27 august 2017 .
in districts prone to floods and cyclones, an initiative names aapada mitra has been launched for training volunteers .
production service .
i invite one and all come, join the cleanliness campaign in this manner as well .
today, over three thousand jan aushadhi kendras have been set up across the country .
advance deposits .
and every technology, every new form of science gives birth to a new era .
i read a letter then try to weave it with the essence of a similar letter .
deputy commissioner of excise administration – slas .
the speed at which the smooth transition has taken place, along with rapid migration and new registrations, has instilled a new sense of confidence in the entire country .
home industrial tranning programme .
it shows that besides cricket, our people have so much involvement in and awareness and knowledge about other sports and games also .
this will not only help the environment, but will also provide employment to many potter families .
i would like the tourism department of the government of india and the state government to hold a photo competition on this occasion .
the welfare of farmers was a priority in his life .
lunch time music .
this incident too is directly related to sardar vallabhbhai patel .
manishji, i appreciate you for bringing this subject among the listeners of mann ki baat .
i believe, like the other problems on hand, we can also solve this predicament by the participation of the people, janbhagidari and their power, janshakti we are bound to find a solution through the strength, cooperation and resolution of one hundred and thirty crore citizens .
provisions transferred to other heads under project .
vikram sarabhai has had an important role in india's space program .
whenever there will be reference to hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends .
other operating expenditure .
konkan coast, where the sea has a significant role, was under shivaji maharajs realm .
no political person is ever happy with the media, he feels that he is getting a very little coverage or the coverage given to him is negative .
it happens very rarely that so many different programmes go on at the same time in so many villages of india .
to live in consonance and closed coordination with the nature has been an integral part of our tribal communities .
may you go further than these successes, keep on playing and keep on blooming .
guru poojas for 90 hindu saints have been conducted in 16 districts namely jaffna, galle, ratnapura, colombo, badulla, nuwara eliya, mullaitivu, kandy, trincomalee, mannar, ampara, batticaloa, matale, gampaha, puttalam and polonnaruwa .
he is not from a big city, he does not come from a middle class or rich family .
the luminescence of guru nanak dev jis influence can be felt not only in india but around the world .
we get to know certain things through media, through the people and through government sources which add to our enthusiasm for work .
4 wellawaya .
05 arranging selection competitions .
05empowerment of provincial centres .
today more than 1 .
it establishes provisions here appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities .
in a way your question were the a personal, amiable touch .
our space program provides an impetus to the children to think big and reach across those boundaries, which were considered impossible till today .
profit loss for the taxation .
festivals have evoked a sense of responsibility towards everything, be it trees, plants, rivers, animals, mountains, birds, etc .
i replied in the negative .
my dear countrymen, let me mention once again, that this season of rains, with its abundance of festivals and festivities, brings with it a unique new feeling of the times .
my dear countrymen, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel ji, two days from now, on the 31st of october .
madhya pradeshs orcha fort is another example of that .
the increasing interest in khadi has infused a new thinking in those working in the khadi sector as well as those connected, in any way, with khadi .
3supplying cash prizes to winners from 1st and 6th place of home gardening contest of ampara nawagampura ranaviru village .
preresearch workshop on teaching lessons in the sinhala textbook leveliv .
an online trading platform will be created for better implementation of 'gobar dhan yojana', it will connect farmers to buyers so that farmers can get the right price for dung and agricultural waste .
my experience after that has been very good .
smib samarusara musical, .
during my south africa tour, i visited phoenix settlement where mahatma gandhis home is known as sarvodaya .
the people represent the will of the almighty and their blessings become his blessings .
our division, under the allocated vote, was unable to organize any programme other than gathering information .
i firmly believe that my young friends must be enthusiastic happy on the commencement of their college life .
they will analyse the use of the cleanliness app and also about bringing reforms and improvements in various kinds of service centres .
under this programme, the language division has enhanced the awareness of around 2,880 students in kandy, matara, ampara, gampaha, colombo, kalutara and batiicaloa districts on the implementation of the official language policy .
a whilst this project provides the necessary technical input, it also shares experience and lessons learnt from similar previous programmes .
it is but natural to remember dr babasaheb ambedkar on the constitution day today .
a financial regulations of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka and public enterprises circular ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
one can find many villages where there is a desire to store water at hivrebazaar the farmers tackled the issue by changing the cropping pattern .
they have obtained the assistance of the ministry of public administration and home affairs to gather relevant details by visiting their houses .
in the past few days we saw on television that the wife of a poor hawker in delhi received a transplant in delhis g .
halku the farmer is happy even after his crops are destroyed by frost, because now he will not be forced to sleep in his fields in the cold winter .
now, this is the responsibility of all of us to make a new india in the light of the thinking of the makers of our constitution .
there was a sense of fulfillment on the faces of bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru for having served mother india there was no fear of death .
there mustve been hardly any part of india, which did not produce someone who contributed in the long freedom struggle, that spanned centuries .
just imagine the change that would be ushered in, theft will stop, the environment would benefit, and we will save our precious foreign exchange and the common folk will get facilities .
under these programmes, there were programmes to develop friendliness, knowledge of language, skills and attitude among ethnic groups and initiatives to prepare name boards in three languages in monaragala and buttala divisional secretariats .
in todays mann ki baat, i want to talk about another important work of revered bapu which maximum countrymen should know .
we know that jawans of our armed forces are the vanguards of rescue relief operations in kerala .
the department of national budget has been involved in coordination of deyata kirula national development programme such as, organizing prediscussions, identification of areas to implement the program, identification of ongoing and new development projects in respective areas and expedite and prioritize, preparing submitting cabinet memorandum, participating in national operational committees procurement committees and overall fund management .
come, lets move forward with the mantra, teach to transform .
hos compresses moxibustions vidum pilissum .
in 1990, when my father expired, the responsibility to raise five sons fell on her shoulders .
i am sometimes worried that much of our younger generation prefer leading life in their comfort zones .
1paid for purchasing tools and seeds for the home gardening programme of nawagampura ranaviru village .
ranaviru common welfare activities .
even today, players of team india are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention .
you can be sure that this the first step towards depression .
recipient of the award .
whenever there is a reference to cleanliness, i do not forget to express my gratitude to media persons .
i want to tell such people today whether you reform or not is up to you, whether you respect and follow the law or do otherwise is again up to you of course, the law will take its own course to decide on the requisite action .
vasant, the season of spring has just started to step into our lives .
water management gates and accessories .
in the festival of holi, the importance of colors is as important as the ceremony of 'holikadahan' because it is the day when we burn our inherent vices in the fire .
if ive to give credit to anyone for successful implementation of one nation one tax reform, then i credit the states of our nation .
new year greeting cards .
this seems to be the reason as to how he could develop this app which is most suited to needs of the village .
i firmly believe that the real tribute to abdul kalamji will consist of harnessing research and innovation for developing technology to find solutions to problems we face in day to day life, and ridding us of the difficulties we face to make things easier for us all .
042 treasury bill investment .
premium for accident life insurance .
national lottery board draw, .
people from maharashtra, karnataka, goa, andhra pradesh, telengana have deep devotion and respect for vitthal .
for india, world war i was an important event .
to attract maximum number of viewers through excellent transmission .
this technology can be harnessed to better the lives of the underprivileged, the marginalized and the needy .
in addition to that, 5000 legal documentation folders with details were printed and distributed among all the families each in kiriella divisional secretariat to keep their legal documents safely .
there are about 30 odd steel items in the standard product list, variety of beds, trolleys, cupboards, wheel chairs, baby cots, and various types of stands etc .
department of official languages .
in herat, in afghanistan, on the india afghan friendship dam, salma dam, yoga added a new aspect to indias friendship .
the production and supervision of religious programs was assigned to general programmes division from june 2012 .
poson live telecast thanthirimale, .
my friends from the social media can run a few creative campaigns and thus become a source of inspiration in the virtual world, to see results in the real world .
and that is why the lack of it can be felt deeply by our countrymen, which is what we underwent during emergency .
two it professionals from rae bareilly yogesh sahu ji and rajneesh bajpayee ji accepted my challenge and made a unique attempt .
my dear brothers and sisters, i was just watching the tv news two days ago that electricity has reached three villages of the elephanta island after 70 years of independence, and this has led to much joy and enthusiasm among the people there .
see everyone is doing their bit for taking the country forward .
a restaurant on the national highway6 in akola in maharashtra has displayed a board saying that if you have only old currency notes in the pocket and want to have food, please, do not worry about money and do not leave hungry from this place .
‘thala’ – channa upuli dancing concert live telecast lotus theatre .
yes, yes, yes i repeat that i need your help and i am very sure that millions of young people of our country will accomplish this tremendous task .
overcoming challenges in the market, we have surpassed our projected targets of income, signifying yet another major achievement .
i would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the ndrf daredevils .
uite a few active citizens have sent in suggestions on the subject of water conservation .
our constitution is all encompassing .
passara zone .
i was looking into the suggestions received for mann ki baat .
childhood friends are precious, but selecting, making maintaining new friendships is a task that requires immense prudence .
akkaraipattu zone .
she says that this day is special because we are going to enter into the 70th year of our constitution adoption .
there have been successes .
water collected in these tanks remained pure .
these equipments will give the corporation the editing to create 2d 3d animations .
the budget also provided for the implementation of the budget proposals announced in the annual budget 2014 and the government's policy priorities .
one is the sudarshan chakra bearing mohan and the other is the charkha bearing mohan .
galle zone .
a clean and healthy india will spell a prosperous india also .
the significance of summer internship is soaring as it is, an altogether new experience in itself .
administration of hindu research library .
acting auditor general .
4050 lakh people participated in this video bridge program and imparted me with a new strength .
it is celebrated in different states in different forms .
i extend my congratulations and good wishes to all the players, their colleagues, and all the sports lovers once again .
the following accounting deficiencies were observed .
emergency care manual guidelines .
trincomalee zone .
a workshop was held with the participation of 185 department officers to obtain proposals for the preparation of a language plan on behalf of the department with the objective of encouraging the officers to work while the implementation of official languages ​​policy .
lots and lots of good wishes to you all .
we all know that healthy and sensitive denizens are required to build a healthy society and yoga ensures this very principle .
operating profit .
special jury award for documentary programme .
i have received an incredible phone call .
in the global innovation index 2016, we have moved up 16 rungs and in the logistics performance index 2016 of the world bank, we have risen by 19 ranks .
efp equipment .
driver grade 11 .
your joys and sorrows are my joys and sorrows too .
we all know that addiction to, tobaccois very harmful for health and it becomes very difficult to quit this addiction .
so, when i was taking suggestions for mann ki baat, most of the suggestions offered related to what should be done to beat the heat during summer time .
let me tell anagha, jayesh other children that these letters enliven me up after a hard days work .
i humbly bow to them because they have compelled political leaders to think of coming up with something new .
official address zonal education office, puttalam .
loading charges .
several courses organized by the institute are held at the training center located at galewatta in agalawatta .
056 advance .
in this way for those 30 minutes they become narendra modi .
the ranaviru family members of the community are eligible for community housing loans .
the ranaviru family members in the ranaviru villages are eligible for village housing loans .
sri lankan law related program .
in the twentyfirst century, having darkness still prevailing in our villages is something that is not acceptable now and the rural electrification drive to free the villages of darkness, this major campaign of electrification is proceeding successfully .
the district administration has opened bank accounts of over 5560 thousand daughters under sukanya samridhi yojana .
duty officersengineering fees .
farmers here were earlier using chemical fertilizers indiscriminately which deteriorated the soilhealth .
my dear countrymen, were embarking on a new journey from today armed with new emotions, new realizations, new resolve and renewed vigour .
their exit was completely blocked .
during the freedom struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at mahatma gandhis call .
hitherto, india had never won a medal in a judo event, at the junior or senior level .
in order to make sri lanka rupavahini corporation popular, this unit has ensured providing the children who visit the rupavahini corporation with proper knowledge and sending letters to the principals about the mustwatch programmes for children .
application forms .
hingurana peranigama damana .
events calendar .
there the people are poor and the area is malaria infested .
i would like to once again express my deep gratitude to the millions of my countrymen who have contributed to the successful achievement of this great feat with such felicity .
many years ago, what lord vishweshwara had done for democracy and empowerment of women can make for a very good subject to study in the world .
there are technological methods which are safe, secure and instantaneous .
44 procurement plan .
iii even though there were unusual delays in settlement of advances, supervision had not been carried out in this regard .
dear countrymen, there is news of dengue everywhere .
a country like india should be ahead of everybody else in this field .
mullathive, kilinochchi, mannar, batticaloa, trincomalee, ampara, ratnapura, badulla and nuwara eliya districts .
4 provincial ranaviru seminars .
but i must candidly admit here that i am not able to devote much time to reading books these days .
activated rana viru community members attraction .
such sentimental incidents generate new energy, give new inspiration and this is what motivates us indians to do some remarkable things .
31 transactions of contentious nature .
official address education ministry of southern province, dakshinapaya, labudoova .
packeting lime .
so what you are saying is true that our concern before and after the festival should be the same .
i came to know that the citizens of akola had organized a cleanliness campaign to clean the morna river under the 'swachh bharat abhiyan' .
i got an opportunity to know beyond the confines of the files the changes which are being ushered in the lives of people directly from them .
121 religious lectures have been conducted up to now in 14 districts namely jaffna, puttalam, batticaloa, ratnapura, matala, kandy, ampara, badulla, colombo, nuwara eliya, mullaitivu, kilinochchi, kaluthara and galle .
i have also completed a year since i started mann ki baat .
further, fruitfulness of this expenditure had not been confirmed .
5 ranaviru villages project .
then, lal bahadur shashtri ji had very aptly tried to touch the emotional universe of the country .
once again, i express my gratitude to our little friend, student aleena taayang from arunachal .
translation fees .
assistant manager for hindu pilgrimage guest house .
01 revenue .
34 deficiencies in contract administration .
we can emerge and take our place in the world as a new modern india within a period of one month .
aibd training course income .
staff notices .
graphics and animation unit .
bank charges .
issuance of senior citizens' identity cards steps were taken to provide senior citizens with photos free of charge and thereby to provide nics .
official address zonal education office, ambalangoda .
ath kanda lihiniyateledrama 2011 .
if you download this kisan suvidha app on your mobile phone, you will receive a lot of information related to agriculture and weather at your fingertips .
memories of diwali celebrations with our security forces in gurez sector of jammu kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart .
we worship mother earth but have we ever thought as to how much damage is caused to the health of our mother earth because of the usage of fertilizers like urea .
and, we all are of the view, and this is the view of all 125 crore indians, right from the village pradhan to the prime minister that every loss of life in kashmir whether it is of a young man or of a security personnel it is our own loss, a loss of our people, a loss for the nation .
india scripted a thumping win in the under 19 cricket world cup and the blind cricket world cup .
the financial statements are presented in sri lankan rupees rounded to the nearest thousand .
the source of these funds was from the general public, in response to various campaigns carried out by the corporation aftermath the tsunami catastrophe, in the year 2004 the account balance is given in the table below .
in 1996, the terrorists had shot jawed ahmed in kashmir .
so he asked the students of a higher age group to educate the parents .
making arrangements for the unveiling of a ranaviru monument erected by naththandiya ranaviru community .
functions responsibilities .
sending letters and assisting in securing building material at concessionary prices for building houses for ranaviru families .
it secu .
the government money is being directly transferred to the accounts of 15 crore beneficiaries .
i am very excited about my britain trip this time .
accumulated profit loss .
whenever a natural calamity strikes, it is the underprivileged, who are the first in bearing its brunt .
because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress free life has become very difficult .
we celebrated quite a few festivals in the days gone by .
creation of new incubation centres is essential just as it is necessary to strengthen the older incubation centres .
independence day should not be a government event, it should be the celebration of the entire people .
now in our country houses having a gas stove, or those having electricity in the houses do not have a requirement for kerosene .
published policies .
the carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account, and the amount of the loss is recognized in the statement of comprehensive income within distribution cost .
according to ranaviru sewa authority act no54 of 1999 .
i urge eminent people of the country to come forward and jointly contribute in campaigning for spreading awareness on voter registration and casting ones vote on the day of polling .
name mr nmkb nawarathne .
in the global competitive report of the world economic forum, india has made a big leap upwards by 32 ranks .
someone is teaching the old people .
his decision making ability infused in him the strength to overcome all obstacles .
let us come together and take inspiration from these holy festivals and share their joyous treasures, and take the nation forward .
thank you very much for your suggestion vineeta ji .
the project received a large number of applications .
sessions of pre–research workshop on teaching lessons in the sinhala textbook–level iv .
but my appeal is, that every indian who takes out time to travel must visit at least 15 tourist destinations of india with family and experience a night stay at whichever place you go to .
it is true that for a long time our focus has been on setting up educational institutions, expanding the system of education, building schools, building colleges, recruiting teachers, ensuring maximum attendance of children .
the sri lanka rupavahini corporation entered into an agreement with the sri lanka insurance corporation to cover the medical insurance, fire insurance, and all accidental insurance schemes from 1st january 2012 to 31st december 2012 .
official addresszonal education office,nikaweratiya .
my dear countrymen, india is a land of saints .
32 analytical financial review .
from 01012014 to 31122014 .
4 intangible asset .
among those winning medals for our country are a large number of our daughters which is a very positive sign .
steps have already been taken to transform the studio within next year .
these people should be invited to schools and colleges to share their experiences .
obligation management .
government contribution .
we have to go from door to door associating everybody in order to place the bhim app in 125 crore hands .
three years ago you vested the responsibility of pradhan sewak the chief servant of the people upon me .
terrorism has taken an ugly shape and has become a global threat almost as a daily routine .
9 sri lanka rupavahini corporation lan fiber ring upgrade as a phrase .
more than 25,000 african youths have studied human resource development and capacity building in india .
today i would like to say something especially to mothers and sisters also, since health and wellbeing have been a major part of our conversation today .
recently, an event was organised in telengana under the leadership of the secretary of our ministry of water and sanitation of the government of india, in which senior officers from 23 state governments participated .
investment promotion .
my dear countrymen, once again i wish you all the best for various festivals that would be celebrated in the oncoming season in india, which is filled with diversity .
an analysis of the financial results of the overtime fund for the year ended 31 december 2012 and the 09 preceding years is given below .
reference to laws, rules, regulations etc .
commencing programmes on facilitation of language plans in ministries .
telecast at 1130 pm on thursday from july up to october 2012 .
this is the same nandlal bose whose artwork adorns our constitution .
39 trade payables liabilities .
develop human resources through local and foreign training .
issuance of letters to the ministries, with the relevant guidelines on preparation of budget estimate .
and you must have heard about gujarat .
any machine will work the way we want it to .
i shall discuss with you on other books as well .
diagram 3 provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
batahira ahasa aththidiya, .
the expenses are reduced as well, and the gift is well utilized too .
advance for room charges .
they devote their lives for their disciples, their students .
dharmasariyar residential seminar, batticaloa .
3 disabled or ailing children of war heroes who are presently in servicedeaddisabled or missing .
mann ki baat, june 2019 .
film city – interview with national short film producers .
we have raised a very big issue regarding the supply of 24 hours electricity in the villages of our country .
i take this opportunity to add a few words to the performance report and annual accounts for 2014 of the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
in this context i feel like sharing with you something very interesting .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the defence services command and staff college as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka public sector accounting standards .
the whole scenario of the uit india movement was different and in 1942 things rose to such a point, there was such a heightened sense of intensity, that a mahapurush like mahatma gandhi gave the mantra of do or die .
we had issued an ordinance .
today, the campaign of make in india is progressing successfully in consonance with dr .
as we celebrate teachers day this year can we come together and take a resolve .
2nd october is the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri, 11th october is the birth anniversary of jai prakash narain and nanaji deshmukh and pandit deen dayal upadhyays birth anniversary falls on 25th september .
peace, unity and brotherhood is the right way forward .
the main activities are conducting seminars for teachers, supplying books to the aranery schools, supplying uniform materials to the students, and providing financial assistance to fulfill the basic requirement of furniture to the aranery schools .
gardens and trees bring in an element of freshness in our lives .
the display of the indomitable ardour of the defeated and the sheer humility of the victorious in the same frame was a sight to behold .
i had the privilege of meeting these grat personalities, these close associates of nelson mandela such as shriman ahmed kathrada, shriman laloo chiba, shriman george bizos and ronnie kasrils .
you will be surprised to know that terrorists had set his ancestral home on fire in 1990 .
the small trader, the small businessman, the vegetable vendor, the milk vendor, the one running a hair cutting salon has always been entrapped in the grip of the money lender, repaying interest all his life .
02 obtaining assistance of consultants of outside institutions .
for the last so many years, a strong need for reforms has been felt in the education sector .
when we all talk of positivity, i also feel like sharing one experience .
among those institutions 07 provincial councils, 01 divisional secretariat, 03 police stations and 03 hospitals were built as innovative models .
and we should never underestimate its value .
i am fortunate to get the chance to visit mhow, the birthplace of our revered baba saheb ambedkar, on 14th april this year .
a debtors creditors control .
when i first heard about it, i wondered how it could be possible .
the world duly took notice of indias efforts in the areas of solar energy climate change .
earlier, because of the multiple tax structures, maximum resources of the transport and logistics sector were expended in maintaining paperwork and that also led to the need for construction of new warehouses in each state .
02 development activities .
medil programme .
financial regulation 1752 .
ranaviru suwada .
official address chief minister's office, upper dickson road, galle .
do something out of the box, my friends .
he vowed to construct a hospital in order to ensure that none of the underprivileged face a similar situation due to lack of medical aid .
this also inspires us to accomplish our responsibilities within a record time .
cooking program .
besides, a train will be run on a route joining all the holy places connected with guru nanak dev ji .
it was south africa, where mohan transformed into the 'mahatma' .
advance account actual amount against the prescribed limits .
the mega festival of chatth, celebrated 6 days after diwali, is one of those festivals which are celebrated in accordance with strict rituals regimen .
nevertheless, the annual reports for the years 2010 and 2011 had not been tabled in parliament even by 09 november 2013 .
on this day, women are also felicitated with 'nari shakti puraskar' who have performed exemplary tasks in different sectors in the past .
dealing with the kirulapone branch of the national savings bank where accounts of all parents of mapiya surekum programme have been opened .
but even in such a situation, sometimes good things also take place which create a sense of satisfaction in the mind .
and not just that, you also understand the problems of the farmers really well .
in their lead story, they had depicted a map of india .
the mettle of this innocent lad is a representative sample of the feelings of each every child of the nation today .
1 balagolla .
heads of relevant institutions will report the commission with regard to implementation of these recommendations .
i felicitate all the teachers in the country on this occasion .
preparation of the hand book of issuesolutions to manage the calls received by the language call center with regard to preparation of language plans .
some people also go outside their states .
in india, it has been said earth is the mother and i am her son .
there are many projects under way .
and, we can ourselves clean these toilet pits just as we do other general cleaning .
housing loan programme for those presently in the service .
name mrsp kuganeswary .
kodipaka ramesh from warangal has written on namo appmy mother is my strength .
in the next two months, we will be busy in the hurlyburly of the general elections .
while officers are sent to other institutions in order to provide them with opportunities for training, a programme was implemented including all the officers of the staff .
special graphics and animation .
the whole world is looking at india as a hub for investment innovation and development .
greeting pertaining to deepawali festival .
81 suruthy boxes and 80 thalams were purchased this year .
3 balangoda .
how to get work and services, products, training, procurement, payments, and expenditure of customer jobs related information? .
small flags .
generating suitable and skilful teachers to train teachers of sinhala, tamil and english translators and interpreters .
maintenance expenses .
the children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift .
after this incident, sardar patel asked the mudaliar brothers to personally ensure all assistance for development of lakshadweep .
then she came to know of the government emarketplace system initiated by the government .
budget 1 community cluster programmes .
314 – 1 local grants .
in this mission of his, saidul sold off family jewellery and raised funds through charity .
research and training unit .
im grateful to the honble president, honble vice president and madam speaker that inspite of their such high stature they took out time and they accorded importance to mann ki baat .
sales of programme material .
it will be your contribution towards making of a digital india .
financial liabilities .
friends in the media have also played a constructive role .
name mr hbsk gunawardhana .
and witness for ourselves, how we can play an important role in making mahatma gandhi's dream come alive .
rakshabandhan comes in the month of august cant we start a massive movement before this festival and make every women, be it our mother or sister, a part of this, thereby giving benefit to them under this insurance program .
we citizens are facing some difficulties, but we are all fighting against corruption and we are happy that we are making a contribution in this fight .
diabetes was found to be the cause of death in three per cent of all deaths .
flower cultivation .
powder coating can be applied to aluminum, steel, cast iron and chromeplated metals .
lama puwath, .
100 temples received cheques valued 2 lakh per each through divisional secretaries for the rehabilitation of hindu temples under the vadakkin vasantham programme .
teaching hospitalperadeniya .
it is indeed an extremely joyous experience to imbue the essence of bhagwan krishna revel blissfully .
rigveda's apah suktam says this about water , , , , , meaning that it is water which is the life force and also, the source of energy .
news is daily telecast in sinhala, english and tamil from 755 am to 1010 pm .
i find it a very positive sign that our common people have such attachment and awareness about rio olympics and they are insisting that the prime minister of the country says something on this matter .
in the health sector the nation has now moved ahead from the conventional approach .
1 community project .
under this programme, officers coming under the purview of anuradhapura, kandy, kurunegala, nuwaraeliya and rathnapura districts have been provided with the training concerned .
all around there is an atmosphere of spirituality, an air of festivities, an atmosphere of bhakti, of reverence .
my heart is filled to the brim with joy today .
children entertainment program .
transform this campaign into a peoples movement .
furthermore, a methodology to follow up on the number of designs popularised among the craftsmen and the number of designs which had been favoured by the craftsmen had not been identified .
the sky and stars have always enthralled children .
land is not depreciated .
can you post on narendra modi app .
you will be surprised that only 8 of the water received from rains in the entire year is harvested in our country .
information and communication technology unit .
i earnestly pray for those injured in this natural disaster to get well soon .
graphics and animation .
these young boys girls had been selected under mission shaurya .
special units .
smib housing project .
in 2011, in addition to granting scholarships, arrangements were made to find money through donors, to meet the cost of providing electricity to the house of the mother of a war hero and to give school stationery to one ranaviru child .
publicity propaganda 25 .
01 budget formulation and policy .
18082014 21082014 .
to be the organization empowered to ensure the implementation of the official languages policy by all organizations providing services to the public .
there are two objectives in publishing printed media advertisements .
name mr m siripala .
e grant of advances .
come, let us celebrate navratri and durga puja festivals with peace, unity and harmony to enable our nation to scale newer heights .
the indian football team won the gold medal at the asian games in 1951 and 1962, and came fourth in the 1956 olympics .
granting housing loans .
can you resolve to add one skill, one special attribute to your personality, during your holidays .
for the last 80 days, he was moving ahead in south indian ocean to participate in the golden globe race maintaining his speed but suddenly a severe cyclonic storm landed him in trouble .
on demand video streaming .
the functions of the ranaviru sewa authority are really supreme in the context of provision of a strong helping hand for the continuation of the future lives of children, wives and parents of the gallant war heroes who sacrificed their lives or those missing or lost their limbs in the fight of liberating our motherland from the cruel terrorism that was under the influence of specially both local and overseas conspirators and with a view to protect the liberty of the people and the country, their dignity, sovereignty and the territorial integrity .
a the new showroom commenced in the year 2011 had been closed down since august 2012 .
come on, i invite you all .
one of them shall be nominated by the president to be the chairman of the commission .
i had said it just like that, but today i can say with confidence that i am indeed very proud of you all .
divisions such as examination, translation, language laboratory, publications and selling, glossary compilation, research, development and library have been established in the department to carry out the above functions .
accurate and timely financial and management reports, generated in accordance with accounting principles and standards and were submitted to other divisions and the board of directors to take informed and responsive decisions .
economic prowess of villages imparts momentum to the nations economic progress .
this happens at a time they need much money for the education of the child .
i sincerely hope, that in future too, well play with each other with the best sportsman spirit shine together .
for the first time a program of this scale is being organized on the indian soil .
helping war heroes to get land issues settled .
but when there is tension, your knowledge, your wisdom, your information all these buckle under and the tension rides over you .
it is true that even if the most highly placed men and women relate the best possible things in the best possible words and in the best possible manner, good news has a better impact than that .
the dream of ek bharat shreshtha bharat is inherent in this .
i specially thank you for your phone call .
fund balance at the end of the year 2012 .
perhaps, this is the first time ever, that women have enthusiastically voted, as much as men did .
you will really enjoy it a lot and do write about whichever book you read on the narendramodi app so that all the listeners of mann ki baat' also get to know about it .
name mr addmr abeyrathne .
recently, i attended a programme where a portal was launched, its name is self 4 society, mygov and the it and electronics industry of the country have launched this portal with a view to motivating their employees for social activities and providing them with opportunities to perform in this field .
planning and development of curriculums .
inhouse production teledrama .
once a folk singer came to meet me .
financial status .
try to take the opportunity of acquiring a new skill try to experience something that you have neither heard before , nor seen, nor thought of and yet there is a curiosity in your mind .
acting director .
you must have seen, these days, on the antibiotic medicine strips there is a red line to make you aware you must pay attention to that .
she launched the satyagrah and stopped eating and she did that not to ask something for herself, not to demand good clothes or have sweets .
accrual janitorial service expenses .
and it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean .
national youth games .
1 world volleyball tournament of the disabled held in kampuchea 2011 .
submission of reports .
camera power adaptor chargers fault repairs .
gazetted the appropriation bill for 2015 in the gazette, dated 19 09 2014 .
retention contract .
maha sivarathri pooja .
i am happy that they have shown exemplary enthusiasm on this front and on 22nd of this month crores of people contributed free labour, shramdaan across thousands of panchayats .
targeted beneficiaries .
e national defence levy act no 36 of 1995 .
cremation of ven wevaldeniya medhalnkara thero of sri lanka ramanya nikaya, live telecast meerigama .
i really wanted to share it with you .
the head of every indian is held high .
it is on account of these people that this time voting took place on a larger scale compared to the previous election .
many such new categories of divyaangs have been included thereby providing them for the first time justice and opportunities .
someone told me that in khandwa, an old gentleman met with an accident .
when we talk of navy, who can ignore chhatrapati shivaji maharaj and the capabilities might of his navy .
senior mechanical superiendent project .
the number of students who participated in the degree courses conducted by the staff college in the year under review had been 102 as compared with the participation of 83 students in the preceding year .
the main responsibility of this unit is to review cost estimates pertaining to the programs of all divisions and units of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, and to provide administrative services required from issuing of file numbers for each production in order to coordinate all other services until the production process of a program is completed .
this movement has now advanced from cleanliness towards beautification .
i congratulate our youth urge them to register themselves as voters .
healthy lifestyle .
you may see for yourself, that for your inner development also, these diversities of our country work as a big teaching tool .
our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, india has become the asia cup champion after an interval of ten years .
pitthoo is one such game some called it lagori, at other places it was satoriya, saat pathar, dikori, satodiya one game with many names .
an effort is also made that the concerned department should pay attention to such letters and comments which, somehow, could not be included in mann ki baat .
christmas musical show .
you can imagine the inner bliss of paying homage to our revered bapu, with fifteen days of this cleanliness campaign, swachchata hi seva, when we celebrate gandhi jayanti on the 2nd of october .
may the new year bring greater happiness, glad tidings and prosperity for all of you .
what are the kinds of suggestions, what are the kinds of complaints and what are the experiences of the people .
this unit carried out preventive maintenance work of following systems monthly, quarterly and annually .
once again my humble tribute to revered baba saheb .
providing necessary facilities for the use of national languages and link language in order to create an environment among ethnic groups for understanding social and religious backgrounds .
plantation industries .
performance report 2014 .
and at the same time move ahead, carrying forward the virtues of democracy .
the assistant director and the 14 staff of makeup unit have provided tremendous service for the above programmes including daily lottery programs .
this awareness creation programme was organized after analyzing the complaints received by the commission in the previous years with regard to violation of the official languages policy considering national universities as special fields .
feb 20 march 02 .
old friends are invaluable .
accrual security service expenses .
c value added tax act no 14 of 2002 .
only we know of the situation we faced at that time .
special projects conducted to destroy dengue in association with colombo municipal council .
designation additional zonal director of education .
the ministry of sports will impart training to selected emerging players the ministry is launching the portal tomorrow .
when i was in gujarat, all our workers used to walk the streets seeking donations of old toys from families and then presented these toys to anganwadis in poor neighbourhoods .
select province .
phone directory .
an air of excitement, zeal, enthusiasm, hope, aspirations, the determination to achieve who would want to stay away from an atmosphere like that .
noscholarships to a district .
pre qualification application for accreditation of supplies .
and i can take a leaf from my personal experience and offer you a suggestion which has been very successful .
do you know what mahatma gandhi used to say .
state governments too should deliberate on this matter and provide their suggestions .
saudi arabia witnessed its first, historic yoga programme and i am told many aasans were demonstrated by women .
july 1627 .
in some parts of the country, there have been repetitive floods .
the lease principal amount payable to the lessor bank of ceylon is shown as a noncurrent liability current liability .
my dear countrymen, in the current budget, emphasis has been laid on turning waste to wealth and waste to energy through bio gas, under the swachch bharat campaign .
this great man has contributed a lot in building the unity of india .
this in itself gives us an opportunity to see something new .
this unit undertakes necessary makeup for up to 75 100 artists who take part in programmes which also includes live programmes, from 530am to 1030pm on a daily basis .
binari teledrama .
divisional secretariat thihagoda .
16 election result telecast .
and i believe that if you go there once, your heart will tell you to go back again and again .
tribal communities make their dwelling units from natural material which are strong as well as ecofriendly .
galnewa ranaviru village .
sometimes certain things become a part of our habits, that we dont even realize that we are doing something wrong .
noncompliances observed are given below .
financial other write offs .
special programmes are conducted in temples to celebrate guru pooja days of hindu saints .
not able to find a way out, they perched themselves a top a mound inside the cave not for a day or two, but an entire 18 days .
and i will like that eco friendly items related to ganesh utsav are displayed for wider publicity on my gov and narendra modi app .
following operations were carried out .
district officers have made arrangements to distribute cheques in respect of housing aid under the patronage of the governors and the beneficiaries were educated by this project .
with this point in view parliament has made a provision of strictest punishment by passing the criminal act amendment bill .
those who know the soil conditions of rajasthan would know how mammoth this task is going to be .
i was taken aback and asked him what is the matter .
this cost effective, efficient space programme of isro has become a marvel for the entire world the world has admired this success of indian scientists of india wholeheartedly .
if any of you gets an opportunity to go to porbandar, the place of birth of revered bapu, then there is a house behind the house of revered bapu, where a 200year old water tank still exists .
my many felicitations and best wishes to you .
we can see in swachhata hi sewa movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country .
department arranges and sponsors to conduct festivals in several districts in order to promote hindu religious activities and festivals .
minimize audit queries .
i am speaking from bodal .
12 physical and mental empowerment division .
babasahebs contribution in making the country prosperous and strong can never be forgotten .
i visited kolkata in the month of may and the family members of subhash chandra bose came to meet me .
oct 21 nov 01 .
at the same time, we also come to know about our culture and traditions .
these recruitments helped very much in the smooth functioning of the authority .
thousands of people under the jan dhan yojana are now eligible to take an overdraft and they have availed it too .
official address zonal education office, thunukkai, mallavi mmv, mallavi .
vishva gaveshi drama .
now you will be wondering what is the connection between smiling buddha and india's military might .
recently, i saw that they were presenting the story of some youth from delhi who are selflessly working in a dedicated manner to help in educating the poor children .
one crore families giving up their subsidy on gas cylinders and in return one crore poor families getting gas cylinders with the money that is saved from the one crore families that have given up their subsidy externally, it appears just an incident but, its extraordinary lesson is that if you place faith in the people, it leads to most handsome achievements .
we have to face temporary setbacks in life .
it is a tribute to jamuna ji's diligence that today, on the birth of every child, villagers plant 18 trees .
today there are many sectors where our woman power is playing a pioneering role, establishing milestones .
and if we stick to the same routine, we may perhaps keep facing the same disappointment .
today, as we remember lord buddha, you must have heard about the idols of laughing buddha, it is said that laughing buddha brings one good fortune, but very few people know that smiling buddha is also associated with an important event in india's defense history .
millions of the youth of the country renounced their studies, gave up their books .
yasa isuru teledrama 1 .
promoting national and international languages proficiency .
i wish to share this joy with you as well .
kalutaraproviding wooden furniture for diri daru piyasa children’s home children with mental retardationbandaragama .
the movement was not curtailed to the confines of prison cells .
i am very happy that in uttarakhand and uttar pradesh, where there was discharge from distilleries, there has been a change for the better officers have told me that they have been successful in securing zero liquid discharge .
since 2012, bilingual facilitation booths have been in the process of being established with a view to enhance facilities for the people to get their service done in the language of their choice .
he has written that from last many years, this village has set out on a mission for cleanliness and more or less every generation is completely dedicated towards this cause .
when 45 years old hamid comes back to his grandma with a pair of tongs, indeed, it stirs human emotions to their supreme pinnacle .
depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straightline method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows .
i urge all ngos, schools, colleges, social, cultural and political leaders, people in the government, collectors and sarpanches, to begin creating an environment of cleanliness at least fifteen days ahead of gandhi jayanti on the 2nd of october so that it turns out to be the 2nd october of gandhis dreams .
coordinating the financial services, and relevant units and thereby preparing and maintaining positive financial ​information and financial management structure .
name mrsidkarunarahna .
the reality is that technology was used extensively in my conversation with bear grylls .
the villagers also had a glimpse people realized the importance of the role of mahatma gandhi in developing the ties of both india and africa and also the effect of his personality on these nations .
but very few people know the fact that the slogan, uit india was coined by dr .
2 mcr old ceiling removed and new metal ceiling installed .
do it only if you can .
iii guideline 891 .
letters requesting the participation of community members to the function to be held at dodamgoda entrance prior to the opening ceremony of southern express way were sent to community of agalwatta palindanuwara dodamgoda bulathsinhalamatugama walalawita, and kalutara .
057 festival advance .
water tank of sri muthumaariyamman temple, parappukadanthan, mannar .
office of the commissioner of excise .
best educational cultural programme .
baba saheb ambedkar .
accrual audit fees .
my dear countrymen, i am not a yoga teacher .
gee sara .
selfemployment loans .
there are lakhs of persons whose names i have not been able to include in mann ki baat but without any disappointment, they continue to send in their letters and comments .
for the proper development of cottage and small industries with finance availability and organizational setup all india handicrafts board, all india handloom board and khadi village industries board were established between 1948 and 1950 .
kalutara district committee meeting on 22082011 .
hardshipaltitude heavy duty .
i am proud to state that we were able to achieve the significant role expected from our department according to the government policies during 2014 in an efficient and productive manner .
bank interest .
march 08,09 .
a 247 control room helpline number 1078 is functioning continuously to deal with the flood situation .
all of us have just celebrated christmas and the new year is on its way .
this year it will be organized from 1216th january in raipur district of chhattisgarh .
further, details of monthly running charts relating to utilization of vehicles had not been prepared showing the distance travelled along with the milometer and utilization of fuel .
innovation research projects .
they all worked hard for about three years to draft the constitution .
i suggested that the saarc nations should come together for a joint exercise on disaster preparedness .
i request the citizens to follow pawans advice in the coming festivals if we do so then the lamp may well be lit not only in our homes but it will illuminate the house of the poor .
my dear countrymen, the coming months are very crucial for our farming brothers and sisters .
new aiims are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country .
he gave a task to the students in the village school .
123 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
executive level .
story of cricket sri lanka .
restaurant license .
under this project, financial assistance is given to the ranaviru families of those dead, missing, retired with disability and those who die or become disabled while in service due to causes outside the operations, to begin a self employment or to improve an existing one .
141 advance deposits .
making available funds for construction of community halls in ranaviru villages 2011 .
everyone wanted that something must happen, must be done .
i thank people for one more reason they have not only braved hardships, but have also powerfully given a retort to those limited few who have been trying to mislead them .
the government is committed to fight all such wrongdoings and maladies .
in our culture, daughters are considered laxmi, since they are harbinger of fortune and prosperity .
budgetary provision required for the normal operations of the department of national budget was shown under head 240 in the budget estimates for 2014 and allocations were provided under 2 programmes .
in his maiden attempt, he cracked the entrance exam for mbbs at aiims, jodhpur .
in parallel to this programme, during the ranaviru remembrance week declared by the president may 11 to 18th, arrangements were made to hold various programmes throughout the islandranaviru remembrance functions were held under the patronage of provincial governors .
monitoring whether the establishment code, financial regulation, public administration, treasury and other circulars and instructions are adhered to .
official address zonal education office, wattegama .
my dear countrymen, navratras are going on .
in the year 2012, this unit has produced a considerable amount of programmes .
and hence the task of implementing the 13 points which was left incomplete in the earlier act is being accomplished today .
the building material needed to construct the toilets whether it was bricks or cement, the entire construction material was carried by the young men on their shoulders, spending an entire day walking in those forests .
targets achieved as at 31 december 2012 .
the common people from the society belonging to the middle and lower middle class have difficulty in giving up subsidy .
but these poor people saved money and deposited a sum of 22,000 crores .
this was recorded in the television history as the first ever program that covered all 09 provinces of the island .
i have always felt this way, like when i felt why class 3 and class 4 employees should be made to go through interviews we should trust the person who has given the exams and submitted the marks .
the details of this competition will be available on the mygov website .
it is a delight to learn that till now, under the digidhan yojana, ten lakh people have been rewarded, over fifty thousand traders have won prizes and an amount of almost over a hundred fifty crores rupees has been earned as prize money by people who have promoted and carried forward this great campaign .
may our nation be blessed with the strength to face any challenge .
no of scholarships ceased .
design and fabrication related information can be obtained from assistant works managerdpb .
the 2nd of october, this year, has a special significance .
and therefore, we can observe that the world has in its own way accepted the significance of the car festival of lord jagannath, the rath yatra .
page number .
the engineering division contributes directly to maintaining the corporation’s technical standards in programme production and transmission at international standards .
my heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion .
i also want to thank the chief ministers of these five states for taking the vital step in the direction of making ganga clean by involving peoples power .
02 other operating income .
what i mean to say is, edison transformed even his failures into his own strength .
thomas alva edison, the inventor of the light bulb, failed many a time in his experiments .
educating the parents to send their account books to the post office branches of the national savings bank in their district .
33 operating inefficiencies .
i have come to know about a very inspiring work started by the entire team of government officials in harda district, madhya pradesh .
concessionary loans are also available for the present members of the armed forces and the police, the loans percentages are army 40, navy 15, air force15, police 25 .
annex 30 .
i can say that it was both inspiring and educative experience for me .
there was a combination of large ships and small boats in the maratha navy .
it was a very emotional moment for me .
educational and documentary programme .
indian navy secures and protects our maritime boundaries .
their dedication and vigour can make each indian feel proud .
it is becoming evident that along with studies, our new generations can see a future in sports as well .
lakhs of people have posted photos on twitter, facebook and instagram .
he took the maratha navy to newer heights and established maratha naval bases at a number of places .
42 action plan .
my dear countrymen, i request every month before mann ki baat that you please give your suggestions, share your thoughts .
special unit .
pasku gee .
a corporate plan had not been prepared for the achievement of the vision and mission of the fund ‍ .
guru ravidas ji was born in the holy city of varanasi .
prices for standard products can be obtained from marketing manager .
officers from about 27 private hospitals took part in this programme .
today our satellites are a symbol of the country's growing might .
organizing relevant tasks to establish language circles in collaboration with the commission of official languages and ministry of education .
i will definitely interact with you on 16th january and will discuss this in detail .
total depreciation .
changes in accounting policies – .
8 sinhala and tamil new year live .
local trainings .
there is a holy place in kashi named gurubagh gurudwara it is believed that guru nanak dev ji had halted there .
name mrs wmcweerakoon .
the entire state thus resolved to fight against these social evils .
25 lakh students from about 1700 schools collectively wrote letters to their parents .
summer vacations feel good inspite of scorching heat .
details of income received through the treasury and the lottery in the year 2011 have been indicated in this annual report in final accounts report .
accordingly a 02 week workshop for children’s programs was organized after 20 years and all the staff of children’s unit took part in it .
they are organic fertilizer themselves .
rest of the advantages includes the ability to sore within only a very small space and protecting the cassettes from fungus and other damages .
financial assistance has been granted in the following manner .
early this morning, i had an opportunity to spend some time with some young people from delhi and i believe, in the days to come, the spirit and fervor of sports will envelop every young person in the country .
the martyrdom of these brave soldiers brought to the fore, through the media, touching, inspiring stories of their kin, which give hope and strength to the entire country .
this time i put some issues before them .
as the capital grants provided annually by the general treasury was not utilized by the college, it was continuously credited again to the treasury at the end of the year .
the sociological and collective aspect of fasting is that when a person experiences hunger himself, he comes to realize the hunger of others when he is thirsty, he realizes the thirst of others .
9 related party disclosures .
charging all expenses incurred in the day to day operations of the business and in maintaining the property, plant equipment in a state of efficiency .
if we put these ideas of our youth into practice and provide them conducive environment to express themselves, they surely will bring about a constructive and a positive change in the country they are already doing so .
shyama prasad mukherjee, gurudev rabindranath tagore addressed the convocation in kolkata university in bangla .
323 youth camp for social integration .
c debtors and creditors control .
rehabilitation of hindu temples .
at the same time the family of such a war hero is enrolled to the ranaviru community project .
all these great men travelled widely in india .
chief accountant .
it is during this season that the festival of raksha bandhan symbolizing the bond between a brother and sister also falls .
there are more than four thousand traders who have got prizes of fifty thousand rupees each .
in a remote place in gir forest, there is a polling booth for a sole voter .
vesak poson celebrations .
after the completion of this campaign, the entire village celebrated this accomplishment just like a mega festival .
for those who are religiously inclined, ganga is the path to salvation for them .
when we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired .
but it is true that if 125 crore countrymen resolve, and decide to walk step by step on a path to realise that resolve, the dream of new india can be fulfilled in our lifetime .
there are many reports whose evaluation indicate that india is taking rapid strides ahead .
referred the requests for housing aid received from close relatives of war heroes who have died from nonoperational causes to project manager for the preparation of the list and necessary action .
vaisakhi will be celebrated in punjab and in parts of western india in april .
but our lifestyle has changed .
every technology needed for online spending will definitely be available on your mobile phone .
for decades, our brave soldiers wearing blue helmets have played a stellar role in ensuring maintenance of world peace .
but in the chola navy, a large number of women played leading roles and that too about eight to nine hundred years ago .
then, from balbeer singh senior, leslie claudius, mohammad shahid, udham singh to dhan raj pillai, indian hockey has had a very long journey .
in the year 2020, we shall complete 70 years as a republic and in 2022, we shall enter 75th year of our independence .
this 12day short term language training programme can be identified as a unique effort of the institute to cultivate humane and procoexistence feelings in public officers and thereby to bring about cultural and social integration .
state super trust fund .
my dear countryman, the entire world is worried about climate change .
printed lists of names and the summary of information in respect of the hambantota and nuwaraeliya were provided .
a small gift by mahatma gandhi, has become a part of her life and a part of history .
i was told that a few days ago, in jabalpur, madhya pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign .
the vaanche gujarat campaign carried out in gujarat was a successful experiment .
incidental expenses – foreign travel .
he never gave up hope .
this holy month of ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill .
to download slida training application form .
audit report .
the objectives of the selected volunteers are assisting people of respective districtdivisional secratarits, assisting the staff to implement their day to day duties efficiently and also assiting to find remedial measures to overcome barriers in people obtaining the services in the language of their choice .
performance report 2013 .
of course, laxmi should be welcomed in the traditional way .
islands zone .
d staff management .
flood affected areas are being closely monitored .
these small traders were provided loans worth lakhs and crores of rupees under mudra yojana because there are crores of such small traders and they impart momentum to the business activities worth billions of rupees .
increase of income from fixed deposits .
manufacturing licenses .
you too kindly spread the message of yoga and connect people with it .
name mrs p ganeshalingam .
2 maintenance of ranaviru monuments and parks and making necessary payments .
how we must lend strength to that spirit and at the same time resolve to use ecofriendly clay ganesha idols, to protect the environment .
approximately 507 senior citizens were benefited by this programme in 2015 .
you must have seen many a child, shy by nature, leap up with zest, the moment a game begins .
each year about one lakh eyes are in need of a vision .
the country is really proud of these divyang friends for their achievement .
especially the younger generation must utilize it optimally .
not only this, he always said that a good teacher can only be one who keeps the student within always alive .
every citizen is making requisite adjustments amidst the difficulties as a result of the new changes .
evaluating the success of the system of internal control carried out in the ministry and other institutions under it in order to avoid errors and frauds and assisting to strengthen the internal administration .
310 current and deferred income tax .
name mravijayanantha moorthy .
but today i am not going to reveal its specifics .
you are right, that wherever i go, the government machinery does the cleaning but nowadays cleanliness also turns into a social event .
usually, the countrys television and electronic media do a variety of programmes on yoga the whole year .
i extend my best wishes to those players who are yet to compete .
and, the more we become aware about preventive health care, the more beneficial will it be for the individuals, the family and the society .
this time the world famous kumbh mela is going to be held in prayagraj from january 15, and many of you might be waiting eagerly for it to take place .
client debtors .
hrm system .
i action had not been taken to maintain a register of petty cash imprest or to carry out adequate supervision for the year under review .
2500 crore digital transactions if we pay school fees, we shall do so not by cash but digitally, if we travel by train, travel by air, we shall pay digitally, if buy medicines, we shall pay digitally, if we run fair price shops, we will use the digital mode .
suraj ji, i dedicate your sentiments to all our sportspersons and extend to them the warmest and heartiest wishes from my side and on behalf of us 1 .
anil sonara speaking from ahmedabad, gujarat .
recently, india has had many achievements in sports, as well as science .
if i am unable to participate the selected course without an accepted medical certificate i agree to the course fees being deducted from my salary .
i would certainly like that whoever wishes to sell their products or business items to the government, should increasingly get connected with this website .
my dear countrymen, on the day of ganesh chaturthi, i had the privilege of spending 23 hours with the jawans of the armed forces .
i also laid the foundation stone of mahamana madan mohan malviya cancer centre in bhu at varanasi .
granting village advisory allowances .
products classification .
increased moisture in the environment leads to bacterial growth and so, keeping the environment clean becomes important .
public relation .
this time when i was thinking about 'mann ki baat', i was sure that a lot of questions would crop up about this subject and thats what exactly happened .
these maladies have been afflicting us for the past 70 years and the campaign for getting rid of these can never be an easy task .
wholesale license .
a variety of rakhis are made in a whole range of materials, from khadi to silken threads .
these payments made to the officers on the basis on being on duty throughout the year without obtaining leave is an unrealistic situation .
there is a reason behind my excitement .
all the producers in the unit made their contribution by producing programs for the time belt .
and therefore, i thank everyone and express my gratitude to all who contributed in making it a successful programme .
our youth have benefitted quite a lot from startups .
when we read and hear about sardar saheb's style of working, we come to know of the sheer magnitude of the meticulousness in his planning .
subhash babu will always be remembered as a brave soldier and adept organiser .
maybe it is not being done in a very scientific way, but it is being done .
at present, this department functions under the ministry of resettlement, reconstruction and hindu religious affairs .
today in every home, the first thing that the parents dream of is to give their children good education .
work for every hand, water to every field through only these two words he presented his entire economic agenda .
as a consequence of the pulwama terror attack and the sacrifice of the brave jawans, people across the country are agonized and enraged .
may all of you enjoy the rains .
administration of hindu culture centre, batticaloa .
number of applications issued in 2011 .
hatton zone .
i always believe that divyang brothers and sisters are capable, strongly determined, courageous and possess tremendous resolve .
at a time when separatist forces are raising their ugly heads this has been indias great contribution to the world .
thousands of children made paintings they drew pictures based on their own imaginations .
programmeoperational activities .
see today .
in 2011 these projects were implemented under five categories taking into account the similarities of such subjects .
8 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the pelendagoda ranaviru village .
vikas thakur demonstrated his heroics by contributing one thousand rupees each from his pocket to the 57 families and thus strengthening the cleanliness campaign .
name mr mpvn bandara .
you will feel much lighter .
other festivals of our country too, provide an opportunity to attract foreign visitors .
we have also seen such teachers who care more for their pupils than for themselves .
the body does not support him but for the past 20 years he has devoted himself to child education .
telephone directory .
b settlement of deposit accounts .
stainless steel, .
during the year 2014, the department prepared observations to 399 cabinet memoranda for the hon minister of finance and planning .
he has said since this is the third international yoga day i should make an appeal that on this third international yoga day, three generations of the family should do yoga together .
the financial statements of the corporation have been prepared in accordance with sri lanka financial reporting standards ‘slfrs’ .
government grant .
we have now cancelled the online surcharge and you might have seen in the newspapers during last 24 days that all extra charges for such cards have been abolished in order to strengthen the movement towards achieving a cashless society .
under this programme, 02 needs assessment workshops were conducted to identify the needs in providing technical training relevant to the preparation of language plans of the government institutions .
sports has its own significance in every society .
further, guidelines on obligation management has issued by the treasury through the budget circular no 032014 on 18082014 on guidelines on preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
and, dhyan chand ji scored three goals in just those ten minutes and said i avenged the hit by scoring goals .
our scientists have brought laurels to the nation, witnessed by the whole world .
i was really very impressed .
the story also brings to the fore other aspects of the life of the iron man of india .
b letter no mtr12005 of secretary to the ministry of finance dated 28 march 2003 .
and so, not just our body, but our mind and value system get integrated with ushering unity in india to take india to loftier heights .
two days back we completed the 50 years of the 1965 war .
it is very natural for every countryman to have a deep sense of respect for these two bravehearts, our matri shakti .
foreign affairs .
sittoondi vinayakar aranery school, .
each department is to focus exclusively on cleanliness for a period of 15 days .
ridee tharaka popular sinhala chart show .
your apprehension is not misplaced .
project number and name 02 administration and establishment services .
in the statement of financial position, bank overdrafts are within borrowing in current liabilities .
i hope that my farmer brothers and sisters will download the kisan suvidha app on their mobile phones .
i remember, when i was the chief minister of gujarat the temple of ambaji there is visited in the month of bhadrapad by lakhs of devotees travelling by foot .
land reform commission .
a totally disabled war hero .
afroz shah, and thus he has become the first indian to achieve this distinction .
baba saheb has given us a lot to help shape us into ideal citizens .
well, i had never given a thought to a possible connection between my sleep, my speeches and my voice .
by the way, if i continue enumerating examples of the purusharth, the character the mettle of indians, or those of our collective endeavour, this episode of mann ki baat will go on and on, perhaps to the point when 2019 makes an entry .
taxes paid .
allocation of money to divisional secretaries for development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes in collaboration with the divisional secretariat .
accordingly, lectures by scholars, computer presentations and group activities were used in these workshops .
in the coming week, i will certainly put forward this scheme that guarantees security to the people of this country .
in day to day life, during air travel, we must have frequently come across air hostesses giving out a rather longish speech, safety instructions at the beginning of a flight .
he has been trying to get children inspired to conduct scientific experiments using waste .
nanaji deshmukh left politics and joined the gramodaya movement and while celebrating his centenary year, it is but natural to honour his contribution towards gramodaya .
residential training workshops for the disabled war heroes 2011 .
during diwali, khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise .
whilst all the documents are available in sinhala, tamil and english languages, these documents need to be revised in line with the subject scope of the new ministry .
8 provided technical facilities for the time attendance system running with biometric devices .
6 provision of tools and seeds for home gardening .
unlawfully bottling of liquorarrack .
the whole atmosphere will reverberate to the sonorous chants calls of hathi, ghoda, palki, jai kanhaiya lal ki and govindagovinda .
yoga is a guarantee of wellness and fitness both .
as a researcher, i have been specially interested in financial inclusion .
live telecasts were made during the year 2012 .
the government, hospitals, doctors will of course do their job, but i urge that we should also be alert in ensuring that dengue doesnt enter our homes, locality, family, for that matter, any illness connected with stagnant water .
issued permits to all those members .
b to improve the existing house .
annex 38 .
site map .
click on the image to view complete organization structure in a new window .
these were provided to 79 aranery schools in districts jaffna, batticaloa, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, ratnapura, kaluthara and galle .
2 nivitigala .
this is in addition the welfare services that have been implemented for the benefit of the present war heroes in the services .
the outcome also belongs to 125 crore indians .
you could compose as many songs and poems on yoga, as possible, as these can be easily understood by the masses .
my fellow countrymen, namaskar, many felicitations and seasons greetings to you on the occasion of christmas .
only then can the gains of experience be availed of, only then can ones selfconfidence renew further .
rajatha studio .
one such saint was sant ravidas .
people should be encouraged to take the finest photographs and upload them .
my dear countrymen and especially my young friends, what i am going to tellyou now is directly for your benefit .
workshop for training of focal point officers on gender .
publicity and media unit .
every poya day from month of october 2012 .
donation housing .
the month of ramazan is celebrated with full reverence and respect throughout the world .
with these feelings, i extend my best wishes to you all .
the siddhganga mutt regularily used to organise cattle and agricultural fairs .
expenditure heading 7 national and regional functions .
the language guidelines books are used as learning aids in programmes on facilitation of language plans .
why dont we use these fairs to spread the message of water conservation .
assistant commissioner of excise .
such diseases were very rare in young people .
my dear countrymen, 26th july is marked as kargil vijay diwas in the history of our country .
1 parttime training programmes conducted for public officers .
brick making .
i would like to draw the attention of my dear countrymen to another menace .
new places, new cities, new towns, new villages, new areas .
the 26th of november is our constitution day .
annual report 2005 .
i salute atalji on his birthday and pray to god for his good health .
it is natural for our countrymen to be curious about it .
referring to the college season reminds me of someone i saw in the news recently how asharam choudhury a student from an extremely poor family in madhya pradesh overcame lifes many challenges to achieve success .
entrepreneurship training programme on sewing for women in selected ds divisions was conducted .
we have to realise the importance of this responsibility of ours .
name mr n vijendran .
but now the practice of cashless payment is being adopted .
i am merely an instrument .
i had urged people to send me thir inputs and ideas with regard to this programme .
but at the same time, dont you feel that after youve attended such summer camps, you have participated in the courses for development of personality and you reach out to those people who have no such opportunity and teach them what you have learned without taking any money .
my dear countrymen, all of us made a resolve on bapus birth anniversary on october 2, 2014 to take forward bapus unfinished task of building a clean india and a filth free india .
i asked people who were planning to go travelling that whereever they visit incredible india, they must send photographs of those places .
he gave the mantrajai jawan, jai kisan which inspired the common people of the country to work for the nation .
a target has been fixed to make the country tbfree by 2025 .
tax gain loss .
081 facilitation for social cohesion and transformation projects .
commissioner of excise – revenue – slas .
there is little awareness among people about ecigarette .
public administration and home affairs .
my dear countrymen, now your views and your sentiments on mann ki baat though your letters, on mygov, on naarendramodiapp keep me constantly connected with you .
education services .
the procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error .
but it is not a test of your life .
financial assistance for aranery school polonnaruwa and building for oottady pilliyar .
2 provided live linking facilities for 120 nos of outside broadcast events across the country .
the current affairs unit comes under the supervision of news and current affairs division .
activities and functions of the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
gurunanak jhira sahib is a famous place in bidar dedicated to him, cherishing reminiscences of him .
morarji desai steered the course of the country through some difficult times, when the very democratic fabric of the country was under a threat .
the telecast of the series of program continued until the year 2012 .
very few people would also be knowing that in 1937, on the invitation of dr .
every parent wants the schools and colleges to be functioning properly at the earliest .
the british tree treacherously arrested him when he was asleep, in a covert manner .
at the national level facilitation project on social transformation and integration works with the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and the ministry of local government and provincial councils for social transformation and integration projects .
the details are as follows .
in other words, how can tourist destination be developed keeping public aspirations in mind .
yoga will be helpful for especially our young friends, in maintaining a healthy lifestyle and protecting them from lifestyle disorders .
thank you very much, raman ji .
designation extension .
try to know about things about which you have no prior knowledge, it will definitely benefit you .
we all should strive together to do something positive, talk about something positive, to spread something positive .
oxygen in the air is also at a miniscule level .
he first picked up a laddoo from a glass container, offered the sweetmeat to me said, sir, eat this before the tea get ready .
13 christmas mid night mass .
recently, the government of india has taken a very important decision .
your vision will expand .
you can make a short film even with your mobile phone .
colombo 10 .
it is the result of our concerted efforts and commitment that yoga has now become a mass movement and reached every house .
bhagirath did bring down the river ganga for us, but to save it, we need crores of bhagiraths .
health performance monitoring indicators .
whilst preparing a documentary on how could the volunteers direct their contributions towards avoiding the linguistic gap is a part of this programme, the department of official languages has already completed preparing the script of the documentary .
along with this scheme, about thirty and a half million properties under mnrega have also been tagged .
this is the centenary year of nanaji and deen dayal ji .
digi dhan vyapar yojana is mainly for traders and businessmen .
moreover, sivudesa foreign news commentary was telecast daily from 600 am to 625 am .
appropriation bill for 2014 .
plastic name boards .
productivity promotion .
india clinched the maximum number of medals in shooting .
we shall converse again in 2018 .
making provisions for setting up of trilingual sign boards at the cancer institute in maharagama to reflect upon the implementation of the official language policy .
i try to share the efforts and achievements of the youth as much as possible through mann ki baat .
my dear countrymen, it is a matter of pride not only for india but for the entire world today, while we are celebrating gandhi 150, our 130 crore countrymen have pledged to be rid from the menace of single use plastic .
on that basis under the national languages project, 14 government institutions were selected based on 04 criteria by the asian foundation and developed as innovative model centres .
some officers were so overwhelmed by the reception they received, that they decided to extend their stay upto two days in these villages .
the traders will run their business activities smoothly and will also have an opportunity to win rewards .
even though the budget for every financial year should be prepared and approved by the governing body not later than three months prior to the beginning of the relevant financial year, the budget for the year 2012 had been approved on 27 february 2013 .
receipt of financial assistance .
the extent of sensitivity of the government towards the divyaangs can be assessed by the fact that during the last two years, the central government set up 4350 camps for divyaangs, spent 352 crore rupees for distributing implements to 5,80,000 divyaang brothers and sisters .
a similar story is that of sitavaa jodatti from karnataka .
i have a thought which i want to put forth before you .
dictionary for tamil words used in eelam .
language division .
i want to tell something to my farmer brothers and sisters .
3 hanguranketha .
best wishes to you .
and almost 27 lakh indians have settled in these nations from a long time .
beer, ale, stout wine license for consumption in the premises .
upali newspapers .
along with the statement “aranery schools in every temples”, aranery schools were started in temples and registered in the department .
ripudaman ji, once again, many thanks to you .
i would request the youth to send me their suggestions directly on the narendra modi app .
psychological workshop .
and i do not wish to give anyone the opportunity to mislead you and scare you .
there is no greater contentment and joy than the fact that the lives of the countrymen be full of shine and there be happiness in their lives .
how will animals and birds survive .
total cost of sales .
a new resolve, a new fervor and grand results .
a house, a car all that comes later .
annex 15 .
best upcoming actor nominee .
this is not true at all, we need to modify it according to the needs of india .
there are vacations, diwali is drawing near, all around in our country, there is an inclination to travel to some place or the other .
and she was looking at me and mockingly, saying, look at my house .
but recently i had a pleasant experience, real pleasant experience .
she has won a medal in serbia too .
annual progress summory of scholarship project .
official languages commission .
special events .
information and communication technology unit managing sri lanka rupavahini corporation lan with active passive components including 290 computers with 90 printers with 15 servers including web server, mail server with 1000 email accounts, application servers, time attendance server etc .
the musical show ‘vienna philharmonic new year concert’ which was a live telecast from vienna, austria was obtained free of charge through the satellite and this was recorded live and later on telecast .
my dear countrymen, from next week festive season will be ushered in with navratri and durga puja, vijayadashmi, preparations for deepavali and all such activities .
purchased 1129 uniform materials .
if possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them .
today, i can say with great satisfaction that in the past one year the sales of khadi have almost doubled .
the directors have taken responsible measures to safeguard the assets of the corporation and to establish appropriate systems of internal controls in order to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities .
name mrs sp chandrawathie .
some european countries and china use animal dung and other biowaste to produce energy .
gradually, people are shedding their hard currency mindset and moving towards digital currency .
i also had the good fortune of traveling from pietermaritzburg station in the train in which mahatma gandhi had travelled, and which was the site of the incidence that sowed the seed of the transformation of a mohandas into mahatma gandhi .
this is the best way to remember sardar saheb, because he worked for the unity of our nation throughout his lifetime .
to mark broadcasting cooperations’s 87th anniversary .
from inland revenue other .
my dear countrymen, 21st june has become a well known day world over .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the excise reward fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
to recommend principles of policy related to the use of the official languages and to monitor and supervise compliance with the provisions contained in chapter iv of the constitution .
they proved that through perseverance, grit and a firm resolve, all kinds of obstacles and barriers can be broken crossed, to chart out an all new path .
my dear young friends, i dont like it when holidays are just frittered away .
take it further as it has a very major and prominent role in the fight against corruption and black money .
there were a large number of such innovations .
participation in the discussion held in anuradhapura regarding the deyata kirula exhibition 2012 deyata kirula .
my dear countrymen, mahatma gandhi is our guide forever .
under the poshan abhiyaan campaign, nutrition made available with the help of modern scientific methods is being converted into a mass movement all over the country .
my dear countrymen, we shall meet once again in the next episode after this 50th episode of mann ki baat and i am sure that in this episode of mann ki baat today i got an opportunity for the first time to talk to you about the spirit behind this programme because of your questions but our journey shall continue .
share openly what you are going through, with your colleagues, friends, parents, brothers, and teachers .
in the two worldwars fought in the 20th century, over a lakh of our soldiers made the supreme sacrifice that too in a war where we were not involved in any way .
9 being paid money for renovationof play compound at galnewa ranaviru village .
this is a huge success in itself which 125 crore indians have earned for themselves .
july 21aug 01 .
laxmikutty is a teacher in kallar and still resides in a hut made of palm leaves in a tribal tract amidst dense forests .
wednesday, 30 august 2017 .
ranaviru real star .
sunday ayubowan 09 sets, .
my dear countrymen, january 13 is the date ofthe sacred festival observed in honour of guru gobind singh jis birth anniversary .
painting competition for school children and awareness programme on language policysocial integration .
linkages with different institutions for meeting requirements of ranaviru family members through skills development projects .
this long time period ignited the intense longing for freedom in the hearts of the people .
accordingly, the appropriation act amendment no 47 of 2014 which includes the above changes was approved by parliament .
balangoda meda koralegama land .
name mrs s chakkarawarthy .
magazine music program .
monday, 21 august 2017 .
come, let us pledge to come together to wipe out these evil customs from our social fabric .
historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items .
the institute of charted accountants of sri lanka issued a new volume of sri lanka accounting standards ‘slfrs’ and to require enterprises to apply these standards effective for years beginning on or after 1 january 2012 .
particulars on the staff of the medical council as at 31 december 2012 are given below .
so, the global campaign of connecting with nature on 5th june should become our individual campaign as well .
today, the villagers have to go to other villagers for charging their mobile phones .
i express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective .
the air force cycle raceguwavn hamuda papedi savariya live telecast for three days .
it conveys to us that there is no dearth of inner fortitude, strength talent within our countrymen .
self employment donations .
12 purchasing sports items for distribution among ranaviru villages .
i recalled a few incidents in the last few days which i liked and hence would like to share with you .
udira pookkal .
as a future course of action of the above development, a decision was taken to establish language promotion circles in schools .
if we look around, we can see many such examples .
since its beginning about twothree months ago, this movement has had a clear impact and has been a very big success in many townships, villages and cities .
annual report 2015 .
if they are to receive 100 rupees, they get only 80 rupees, if they are to be paid 80 rupees, they are given only 50 rupees .
even though the entire had been accounted for as expenditure, information relating to the actual amount spent for the workshop, number of persons participated, and fruitfulness of the workshop had not been submitted for audit .
replying to letters regarding the housing matters and referring them to provincial officers and looking into problems brought up by beneficiaries over the phone .
h professional development programmes .
improvement deterioration in the financial results as compared with preceding year as a percentage .
i had mentioned from the red fort that why should there be interviews for the lower posts .
we have to eradicate these diseases from india .
vilayattu manjari, .
that a large number of people would come forward to support it .
purpose of the foreign tour .
in terms of the budget circular no 114 of 31122003, figures of the above table comprised only the transactions occurred under the advance account item no 240under 011, within the department .
i salute the spirit of the young jigar thakkar wish him the best .
capital and reserves .
sister nivedita felt very hurt by the atrocities of the british rule .
even today breaking the shackles social orthodoxy is so difficult .
the major function of the official languages department is to compile textbooks and other supportive books as a written media for professionals and all those interested in learning official languages .
balance as as 01st january 2011 .
beer, ale, stout wine license for retail sale .
in our life, a teacher holds the same place which a mother does .
your expectations are my expectations also .
they believe in living in the manner as preached by the shloka of srimadbhagvad gita 'yoga karmasu kaushalam', or excellence in action is yoga .
amla bashma lavana .
her father is a labourer and mother a fishseller .
look, last year we almost doubled the khadi sale .
and its a matter of immense pride that a majority of these countries presented the ramayan in front of us .
my dear fellow citizens, today is the 24th of april .
it is mentioned in our land sewa parmo dharmah .
we are also trying to get voluntary organisations to join us in this effort .
come, imbued with renewed inspiration, renewed zeal, renewed resolution, new accomplishments, loftier goals lets move on, keep moving, change oneself and change the country too .
the world has accepted this .
we have to take this task forward do it this time as well .
this programme was organized in the month of june .
name mrs chandrarajah .
this has being utilized successfully and it save remarkable cash out avoiding the outsourcing of jimmy jib systems from outside suppliers .
you too must be feeling happy with a sense of satisfaction at this mega sale in just one khadi handloom store .
my effort is to send letters to more than one crore people .
may this kumbh of spirituality become mahakumbh of indian philosophy .
this is in a way a humorous suggestion .
research on hindu religion and culture .
this ensures mutual trust, understanding, mutual respect and welcoming amongst each communities living in the society .
your steady stream of letters to mann ki baat, your comments, this exchange between minds always infuses new energy in me .
can india become a startup capital .
artificial foot .
the preliminary information that i have, notifies me that from launch till date around 11 crore families have joined this scheme .
it is on account of this feat that he has been chosen as one of the 32 para swimmers for the 2020 paralympics by the sports authority of india they will be imparted training at the centre for excellence at gandhinagar in gujarat .
a ranaviru child who has lost her right foot .
these luminaries have been infusing inspiration in all of us and we offer our heartfelt tributes to them .
1 ibbagamuwa .
annex 54 .
people are still expressing their happiness about gst, and are also eager to know more about it .
official address zonal education office, passara .
on this occasion i was fortunate to get an opportunity to inaugurate a museum dedicated to heroes who fought in indias freedom struggle .
whether something is good, little less effective or bad, whatever it is, one has to learn from it and move ahead in life putting the learning from it into practice .
official address zonal education office, maruthanarmadam, chunnakam .
at a time when people are gobbling up medicines indiscriminately and passing their days, yoga plays a very vital role in helping people to lead a stressfree life .
he asked me, how many hours do you sleep .
“eye shuffle” – western music program, new songs , live telecast .
these are not just medals but an evidence of the sky high spirits of the indian players .
name mr k fazeel .
programme on preparing language plans .
a massage was sent to the whole world, a massage also went to the separatist forces and our sympathy was expressed towards the people of kashmir .
rupavahini volleball .
this point made by gurbachan singh ji appears quite ordinary but this reveals how tall and strong his personality is and we have seen that there are many families in our society who connect their individual matters with the benefit of the society as a whole .
setsprops current affairs .
now this itbp jawan of ours was in his village on holidays from his duty .
unfortunately whenever one talks of jharkhand what comes to mind is maoism, violence, guns and blood soaked land .
the same thought occurred to a young man in the 1920s .
she has suggested me to speak on the topics like save our daughters, educate a girl child, clean ganges, swachh bharat .
expectations make the path difficult .
number of special reports submitted to chairman 24 .
you must try new places, new experiences and new skills .
51 creating awareness among public officers .
chandrayaan ii is a mission that is special on many counts .
now, if i start including all those phone calls, comments, whatever i could read or hear, many of which touched my heart .
04 youth camps per year are organized and there are facilities for about 100150 males and females around the age of 1830 representing sinhala, tamil and muslim nationalities to take part in a camp .
all financial transactions that passed through these units were executed with integrity, transparency and objectivity .
granting self employment aid 2011 .
whenever you sow a plant, place an earthen pot near it .
the 150hour course consisting of 100 hours of oral and 50 hours of written training,these programmes were conducted island wide .
in the gita, bhagwan shri krishna says, ashwatth sarvvrikshanam which means amongst all trees, i am the peepal tree .
our respectful tributes to indira ji too .
true there are other extremes also but most are brought up in this comfort zone syndrome .
be it the indus, the ganges, the yamuna or the saraswati our rivers and seas are both economically and strategically important .
after all i am also a human being just like you .
stock held for the use of the corporation not for sale .
22 legal actions initiated against or by the institution .
residential seminar on sculpture and architecture were conducted in 3 stages 1st and 2nd of july in vavuniya 03rd and 04th of july in kilinochchiand 06th and 07th of july in mullaitivu .
service number .
3the progress of institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogues and national languages .
the ministry of defence and the sri lanka army had made available 17 and 14 motor vehicles respectively to the college and the ownership of the motor vehicles had not been transferred to the college .
this proves that when humanity stands together, it creates wonders .
central ac systems with related motors and power panel in st1 2 project st – 3 project .
after a gap of 15 years, there was good news, in fact grand news from the hockey arena too .
health medical officers training center, kopay .
today, as we speak of women empowerment, i would like to refer to a railway station .
the increase in certain items of expenditure as compared with the preceding year by a sum of had been the main reason for the deterioration of in the financial results .
and this is the very reason that we are developing infrastructure for buddhist tourism, which is going to connect southeast asia with the important buddhist sites of india .
to them also, you can gift pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojna or jeevan jyoti bima yojna on this festival of raksha bandhan .
name mrssanton somarajah .
even though it had been informed that the medical council had decided on 03 april 2012 to carry out future activities after approval of revised ethics, the said legal drafts had not been approved up to june 2013 .
as a result, the competition has multiplied leading to a very high increase of stress in the students also .
they have been able to stand on their own feet and have succeeded in giving employment to one or two other people as well .
let us all create such an atmosphere .
mann ki baat, november 2018 .
1975 25th june it was a dark night that no devotee of democracy can ever forget .
operational activities .
i have received a very interesting phone call .
according to one estimate, more than 35 crore people in the world suffer from depression .
it is imperative, to be prepared with, some form of investment being made for these children considering these facts .
8 provincial ranaviru seminars were held .
annex 11 .
in many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice .
whether it was the phoenix farm or the tolstoy farm in africa, the sabarmati ashram or wardha, he laid special emphasis on community mobilization in his own distinct way .
all of you are carrying forward the indian tradition of a healthy life style as a true successor .
the government of india has launched various schemes of social security for the common man .
babasaheb ambedkar was the chairman of this drafting committee .
4helping war heroes to get land and assisting them in settlement of land issues .
after the successful mission of sending mangalyaan to planet mars, recently isro scripted a world record in the arena of space .
whenever we get a chance or whenever there is an opportunity we must try to know the experiences of our soldiers and listen to their tales of valour .
and today, on 24th april, i am going to jharkhand, where mostly my tribal brothers and sisters stay in jharkhand i am going to celebrate panchayati raj divas .
even though all the motor vehicles used by the college should be controlled by one division, it had been decentralized in the way of that the motor vehicles of sri lanka army and the ministry of defence were being controlled by the transport division and the 04 motor vehicles supplied by sri lanka air force and 02 motor vehicles supplied by sri lanka navy were being controlled by their respective wings .
many sports competitions for kids were organized under the aegis of khelo india .
the spiritual leadership training and capacity building programme which improve the spiritual and capacity building of youth are conducted every year .
there have been several engineers in india who made the unimaginable possible and presented such marvels of engineering before the world .
supplementary licenses to extend the hours of sale .
all i would like to say to you is be calm, enjoy life, seek inner happiness in life there is no alternative to books, one has to study, yet ones bent of mind should be towards discovering new things .
just a while ago, 16 year old shivangi pathak became the youngest indian woman to scale everest from the nepal side .
07 selecting judging panels and making them aware .
092 traveling expenses .
key functions .
official address zonal education office, minuwangoda .
you can film a twothreeminute movie that inspires cleanliness .
the news division rendered a great service for the country’s betterment by allocating more time to televise the progress of development activities taking place around the country and disseminate the information to the public .
through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind .
they can mention the quality of the goods, the rate at which they sell, and it is compulsory for the government departments to visit the site and see whether the supplier can supply the goods at reasonable prices without compromising on the quality .
official tours and head of states event coverage .
ranga bhumi .
data collection .
and of the thousands of such suggestions received this time on mygov, on narendramodiapp, i can definitely say that 80 to 90 suggestions were pertaining to the war against corruption and black money, there was mention of demonetization .
in this pious season many devotees perform the kanwad yatra and many proceed on the amarnath pilgrimage, many observe fasts and eagerly wait for festivals like janamasthmi and nag panchmi .
my dear countrymen, the month of august is the month of revolution .
parttime second languages courses for public officerslevel ilevel iilevel iii .
if you happen to meet people there, send their photos too .
pawan gaurai of belagavi, sitanshu mohan parida of bhubaneswar, yash sharma, shahab altaf and many others have written about the challenges related with water .
day and night, when one gets to eat food on time, one doesnt realize what hunger pangs are .
the collected ideas had been considered for the 05 year action plan .
general procurement notices .
registration of practitioners in each year for the past five years is given below .
as at the end of the year 2014, the approved cadre and the actual cadre of the department were as follows .
they had sublimated all their dreams for the freedom of mother india .
06102011kankasnathurei women’s army corpscamp .
the task of compiling textbooks during the year 2015 was finalized and 10,000 copies of textbooklevel iv sinhala and tamil,30,000 copies of textbook– level iiisinhala and tamil, 40,000 copies of textbooklevel ii sinhala and tamil ,10,000 copies of textbook level1 have been handed over for printing .
repairs of motor vehicles .
our india, the country of festivals, possesses limitless possibilities in the realm of festival tourism .
tele drama series .
03 psychological programme .
82 strengthening enforcement of law, access to justice and social integration .
many of our sikh brothers and sisters settled in other countries committedly follow guru nanak dev jis ideals .
it is expected to shift the head quarters of the ranaviru sewa authority to this building in first quarter of 2012 .
i talked about the noto helpline for organ donation .
name mr rrks ganegoda .
he has written in gitanjali he, who has the knowledge has the responsibility to impart it to the students .
besides being a sensitive poet, he was also a courageous revolutionary .
heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion .
defence services command and staff college 2012 .
maintain the expenditure within the approved estimates .
in addition to the above programs, special programmes which are important to the current situations and overseas tours of he the president and special programs in tamil medium were also telecasted .
823 providing necessary assistance for the ministry of education in relation to the teacher exchange programme senehasaka thaksalawa .
the prime minister of singapore has posted a picture on instagram and has shared it proudly with the whole world .
commissioners of excise .
prem sehgal, col gurbaksh singh dhillon and major general shahnawaz khan had to face a trial under british rule .
terrorism and extremism are trying to weaken and destroy our social fabric .
i am very happy with the governments initiative on the organ donation and steps towards creating a policy on the same .
performance of budget 2014 .
lohdi is celebrated in punjab and northindia, while upbihar eagerly await for khichdi and tilsankranti .
and simultaneously as a consequence, it is strengthening efforts towards protecting the environment .
other notes .
she wrote this in one of her poems, we shall not let you fly far way, we shall fill the courtyard with grains and fill the tank with sweet and cool water .
it is necessary to get ourselves tested on time to save precious lives .
in our country, there have been unending endeavours against social ills and evil practices, both individually collectively .
125 lack of evidence for audit .
the main objective of this programme is to enhance the radio listeners’ awareness of the role of the ministry, the language policy and the social integration policy .
commissioner of excise – administration and human resources – slas .
programme on improvement of vocational training .
the weather too these days is pleasant .
educational program .
nsb hapan scholarship ol,al .
we made arrangements to gather information from ranaviru community regarding the two prime programmes namely ranaviru community federation and the annual awareness programme under this action, information in respect of community office bears and community accounts was collected .
41 corporate plan .
the library is considered as one of the main units of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation under the supervision of programme production service .
it is called bhoonga in kutch .
people of west india may not be knowing what all is there in the east .
sri jayawardana pura .
all the property, plant and equipment is stated at historical cost less depreciation .
for jury award nominated for the final round .
i am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women commanders was on a voyage .
mushroom cultivation .
but sometimes, when the rain unleashes full force of its fury, we come to realise the extent of the destructive might of water .
seminar on pannisai kaluthara .
fifa under 17 world cup is being organized in our country .
publication and distribution of nandhi flag .
governments have come and gone .
june 1021 .
so subsequently recommendations sent to institutions concerned recommendations issued during the year are as follows .
the cashless treatment refers to the policy for the first fifty hours postaccident one need worry if one has money or not, who will pay the bills, leaving all this worry one has to give primary importance to the road accident victim who is injured so that he is treated and provided the best hospital facilities at the earliest .
at this summit, a resolution was taken expressing concern about the dwindling tiger population in the world .
but he never let antagonism raise its ugly head in his path .
we observe diversity in every walk of life .
light engineering .
sometimes it hurts when they are laughed at .
in a democracy the power of the people is of great significance .
33 property, plant and equipment .
as in the previous years, studio 1, studio 2, studio 3 and rajatha outdoor studio were facilitated to produce variety of programmes in both live telecasts and recordings deputy director engineer studios and outside broadcasting is responsible for the management, operations, maintenance and developments of studios under the direction of ddg e .
ambedkarjis dream of india as an industrial super powerthat vision of his has become our inspiration today .
creating a better society for all the people to live on the basis that all the people living in a country are its citizens, will lead the country towards the development .
making a humble beginning in 1932 with six pilots and 19 airmen, our air force has emerged as one of mightiest and the bravest air force of the 21st century today .
similarly, in day to day life, it is difficult to savour the joy of democratic rights, unless they are snatched away .
people of india and even those in other countries are familiar with every product of amul .
personal emoluments .
some people even shared their personal achievements .
interest earned for the period .
d economic service charges act no 13 of 2006 .
these experiences will enrich your lives .
christmas program .
the educational project of the ranaviru sewa authority is operative in view of helping the children of war heroes who have died, missing, retired disabled while engaged in action for safeguarding the country and the people, and those who are presently in the services, to continue their education up to their higher education successfully .
in this tournament, sports games such as shooting, chess, swimming, running, football tabletennis are organized .
when something is in close proximity of us, we tend to underestimate its importance we ignore even amazing facts about it .
nadunana minisun 2011 .
from remote villages to metro cities, from farmers to young professionals the array just prompted me to embark upon this journey of mann ki baat .
general account 151658331 .
retirement benefit obligation gratuity .
she received rs 40,000 from the mudra yojana .
we should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a diwali lamp .
independence square, .
scheduled programmes by language .
many many thanks .
debt service payment .
london olympic 2012, .
sardar patel formulated solutions one by one, weaving the warp weft of unity on the axis of a single thread .
who had spent 20 to 22 years of their lives in prison with nelson mandela, effectively sacrificing the entire period of their youth for the society .
at least 15 places and if possible, make a program to stay over there for an over night, twonight stay .
your letters and phone calls this time pertain mostly to these 50 episodes .
28 classes with 25 students in colombo and 29 classes with 12 students in jaffna have been conducted .
she helped publication of basus research and publicity through her articles and conferences .
32 personnel administration .
i liked it .
cabssingle doublecrew .
real economy .
i visited gujarat recently and the officers there informed me that porbandar, the birth place of mahatma gandhi, will achieve the target of total odf on 2nd october, 2016 .
young teachers associated with this campaign find out a free time of two hours from their busy schedule and contribute in this stupendous mission of bringing out a social transformation .
actually, mann ki baat is a very simple task for me .
when science is harnessed keeping in minds the needs of common folk, when ways and means to naturally use those principles for peoples requirements are devised, when appropriate mediums and technologies are deliberated upon, it paves the way for it to be considered the most valuable contribution for general humanity .
annex 36 .
and this scheme is valid till the 14th of october .
arrangements were made to provide the donors with details of recipient children to whom they will provide aid .
education programme .
and thousands of children wrote on topics about strengthening the indo africa ties .
best female presenter of the year .
4payment of 3rd installment for the construction of textile building of the ibbagamuwa ranaviru village .
mann ki baat has provided me with a unique opportunity to get connected with various feelings and positive energy of the country emotions of our people which include their desires, expectations and at times, even grievances, which come to their minds .
we are using space technology to improve delivery and accountability of government services .
appropriation act for 2014 .
in no time, selfie with daughter became a big campaign not only in india but across the whole world .
evaluation of listening skill test using technical instruments was commenced on 23rd october this year .
memories of this month are also linked with veer savarkar .
10 purchasing dancing items for distribution among ranaviru villages .
cooperatives and internal trade .
each person has become associated with it in a positive manner .
this year we are entering a new year .
on that basis, action has been taken to provide funds to bilingual divisional secretariats .
sarvapalli radhakrishnan ji .
you will see that with our joint efforts, this movement will get a fresh boost, a new dynamism .
my dear countrymen, certain things touch me very deeply and my heart bows in respect to those who visualize such heartwarming initiatives .
we are not obliging these great men by remembering them but we remember them so that we may be able to foresee our forays into the future and the direction we choose .
my comments and observations which i consider should be published with the annual report of the corporation in terms of section 142c of the finance act appear in this report .
they should not be forced off the playing fields to be locked in rooms with books .
i register of fixed assets .
mann ki baat, may 2018 .
name mr hb wijerathne .
amount of money .
the best news reporting .
instances of noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions observed during the course of audit are given below .
through the atal grand challenges we have exhorted the young generation of the country that if they see problems, they should search for solutions taking the path of technology, doing research, applying innovations and bring those on board .
recently, in certain parts of india, particularly, assam, northeast, gujarat, rajasthan and some areas of bengal, have had to bear the brunt of natural disasters, caused by excessive rains .
withholding tax wht deducted at source .
imprudent people call stones as gems .
sri lanka being a multi ethnic country, sinhala, tamil and muslim nationalities live in this country .
11 drawing cheques for presenting cash prizes .
e the officer in charge of the laboratory of the nattarampotha branch had proceeded abroad at the beginning of the year 2010 and that officer had not taken action to handover the inventory goods .
his naval forces were very efficient and skilled in attacking the enemy and in defending their attacks .
you must focus on how to improve upon your past performance and how to perform even better .
o glorious children of mother india, you may remember that for the last few years, we have been running a countrywide campaign swachchata hi sewa, the quest for cleanliness is service, around a couple of weeks before the 2nd of october .
approved no of officers .
history binds us to our roots .
the organizational structure and role of the national budget department have been constructed with a categorization under the following comprehensive sectors which represent the provisions of liner ministries expenditure estimates .
ntv channel .
but we have to make efforts to cleanse it out of our minds .
255 days .
many volunteer organizations are engaged in this kind of work .
18102011dehiattakandiya army camp .
a recovery of acreage tax .
02 sending time for urgent special programmes at the cost of general programmes .
student from aligarh had come to meet me .
he writes that the flight of our courageous defence minister nirmala seetharaman in a sukhoi 30 fighter plane is inspirational for him he also refers to insv tarini, with an all women crew on board under the command of vartika joshi, which is currently circumnavigating the globe .
i am a resident of mumbai and work for the india research centre of harvard university .
i am very glad to see that my farmer brothers have come forward to implement the suggestions made in the soil health card and as better results are showing, they are getting more and more inspired .
we remembered that surgical strike carried out in 2016, where our soldiers gave a befitting reply to the audacity of a proxy war under the garb of terrorism .
my dear countrymen, exam time in schools throughout the nation is soon going to dawn upon us .
though it was expected to grant mapiya surekum to 150 persons only 113 were covered in 2011 since there were no applications from districts .
on the 5th of may, india will launch the south asia satellite .
4 administration division .
the need of the hour is to synergise those strengths and talents, to provide opportunities, to implement them .
during elections, i used to have , that is discussions over tea and this got publicised around the whole world .
shriman yogesh bhadresha ji has asked me to speak to the youth concerning their health .
froster parents scholarship .
annex 13 .
similarly, success stories of young innovators entrepreneurs are women beautifully on yourstory .
though he continues to be a driver, in a way, he has now become an ambassador for this scheme .
wherever there will be a talk of world peace, indias name and contribution will be written in golden letters .
our country is a many splendoured land .
17 auditor general’s report .
pilgrims go to have a darshan of vitthal who is also known as vithoba or pandurang .
lakhs of photographs from every corner of india were received which actually became a treasure for those working in the tourism sector .
we should also contribute towards their welfare .
guru gobind singh ji was born in patna .
boc concessionary loan project .
during the year 2014, 07 queries were referred to this department by the auditor general and all the quarries were duly answered .
director general .
keeping pace with rapid technological advances in the field is an imperative .
the following operational scenarios were also applied in the formulation and implementation of 2014 budget .
record room .
guideline book for administration of hindu temples .
promotion of hindu tamil art and culture .
identify the actual requirements and prepare a realistic budget .
and to your team, and your imaginative, innovative bent of mind, heartiest congratulations from my side .
the heroes of our freedom struggle with their singleminded devotion did a tapasya, endured hardships, made great sacrifices and even laid down their lives what greater inspiration could there be .
a in relation to year 2008, registration of all types of other practitioners except diploma holders had decreased in the year 2012 .
increase of income from loan interest .
current ratio .
8 to set up model villages highlighting the ranaviru name .
designation provincial director of education sv .
mann ki baat, january 2019 .
foreign aid .
and today, in this edition of mann ki baat, i wish to speak to our successful young men women between 18 25, all infused with energy and resolve .
human resource profile .
324 social integration programme for orphans and single parented children .
impressed by the bold initiative of these farmers, the administration has also linked this to the national livelihood mission .
i, on behalf of all countrymen, pay my homage to baba saheb who gave the right to live with dignity to crores of indians .
66language training programme for civil society .
when mann ki baat commenced, i had firmly decided that it would carry nothing political, or any praise for the government, nor modi for that matter anywhere .
i sincerely urge you to visit at least one place associated with mahatma gandhi in the days to come .
if we have to match its strides and move ahead, research and innovation are the keys, these are its lifelines and moving spirit .
on the 3rd of october, 2014, the pious occasion of vijayadashmi, we embarked upon a journey together through the medium of mann ki baat .
today these diseases are known as lifestyle disorders .
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with slfrs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates .
319 rupavahini social welfare fundtsunami .
300 hac .
indias ranking has gone up in the doing business report of the world bank .
divisional secretariat rajanganaya .
but when the janata party won the general elections in 1977, he became the prime minister of the country .
08 foreign funded projects under the ministry .
some people are spreading rumours that political parties enjoy all kinds of concessions these people are absolutely in the wrong .
mahatma gandhi had advocated this wisdom at every step of his life .
he had wanted india to develop heavy industries and also pay full attention to msme, handloom, textiles and cottage industry .
the following staff members were given local training in different fields in the year 2014 .
seminar training programme general .
the objective of this youth camp is to create a young society knit with wholeheartedly by creating social integration based on peace, coexistence and social integration among youths of different ethnic groups .
to give you an example, i would like to mention about para athlete narayan thakur, who won a gold medal for the country in the 2018 para asian games .
introducing new programs .
the objective of this programme is to provide the impoverished people in the society with basic legal documents essential to live as one of the fellow citizens in the society by creating mutual trust among all sri lankans regardless of ethnic differences .
if we eat a new dish every day, we wont have to repeat any variety throughout our life .
urgent requirements expenditure in 2014 .
in progress .
his personality was filled to the brim with the greatest of virtues .
‘vedikawa’ special programme, .
more than 50 family members of subhash babus family who stay in different countries are specially coming down to attend this meeting .
recommendations and instructions were issued about appeals and requests that were being received daily in this regard .
accordingly, the ministry has contributed towards two radio programmes to be broadcast in the sinhala and the tamil languages .
15th asian junior athletic championship live telecast for 03 days from sugathadaasa stadium .
sound system .
we will have to give a thought to what will happen if theres no water .
the tiger summit took place in 2010 at st petersburg, russia .
requests received during the year are as follows .
expenditure item expenses .
for everyone from the new generation, it is a lesson for us it is an immense source of inspiration that even after reaching glorious heights, you have always accorded the highest priority to acknowledge the upbringing, the sanskar bestowed by your parents and also to being humble .
galenbindunuwewa zone .
known as chowkabara in karnataka, attoo in madhya pradesh, pakidakaali in kerala, champal in maharashtra, daayaam and thaayaam in tamilnadu, changaa po in rajasthan, it had innumerable names .
atal bihari vajpayee ji was also in jail at that time .
the determination did not diminish with each passing generation .
administration of hindu pilgrim’s rest house in kataragama .
this time in 'khelo india', participants from every state have performed well at their individual level .
obtaining progress reports on the work the old housing aid recipients who have completed the installments .
a to provide for the after care and rehabilitation of members of the armed forces and the police force who have become disabled in action .
he has exhibited his paintings in many countries like netherlands, germany, england and italy .
april, may, june and july is the most suitable time when rain water harvesting can be done and if we make preparations in advance, we can reap a rich harvest .
and it is by my own personal experience that im telling you that if youre under pressure then you forget even your own things but if you are relaxed, then you cant even imagine the kind of things you are able to remember, and these become extremely useful .
but today more than expanding education what is necessary is to improve the quality of education .
the fiancé manager certifies that the financial statements have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of the sri lanka financial reporting standards as laid down by the institute of chartered accountants of sri lanka, finance act no 38 of 1971 sri lanka rupavahini corporation act of no 06 of 1982 .
my daughter wanted to do m .
will he be able to get some control over his life and destiny through your step .
you must have come to know that india will be hosting the fifa under17 world cup next year .
they should not have a dead existence in government files .
india has always been giving a message of peace, unity and harmony to the world .
supply engineer .
come on, let us listen to a phone call .
traning instructors .
every month, we would read letters to the tune of lakhs, listen to phone calls, watch comments on the app mygov .
services of an officer are needed for technical and other requirements in organizing outside workshops and other related activities .
institutional commitment towards the implementation of the official language policy .
i consider this as a positive sign .
about 8085 programmes have already been conducted .
many an informed, effective endeavour is afoot across the country .
on the snow capped mountain peaks of ladakh, indian and chinese soldiers performed yoga in unison .
promoting social integration through education and innovation .
accrual electricity concessionary loan project .
raipur inspired various types of such garbage or trash festivals in other districts too .
let us all take forward the values enshrined in our constitution and ensure peace, progress and prosperity in our country .
ten rupees will be credited to your account from the government .
131 treasury bills .
paying the country’s respect and gratitude embodying the name ranaviru” .
the more the new generation devotes itself to this task, the greater will be their contribution with immense significance for the modern india of the 21st century that will be the real tribute to abdul kalamji .
expenditure heading 2 friendship promotion programmes among ranavitu villages rvsa0804 .
in maintaining respect for healthy democratic traditions, the next episode of mann ki baat will be broadcast on the last sunday of the month of may .
i urge the fire brigade under corporations and municipalities to visit school children once a week or once a month and perform mock drills for them .
sri lanka national health accounts 2013 .
motor vehicle material .
break down of beneficiaries who gained help through the linkages 2011 .
the vote is the most effective tool in bringing about a positive change in the lives of millions of people .
official address zonal education office, sri jayawardhanapura .
reasons for nonobtaining loans by some certain applicants half way during the process .
the department has directed its staff to the following local and foreign training programmes in 2014, in order to enhance their professional skills and working efficiency, in addition to attending various meetings in their official capacities .
4donation of three wheelers .
b programme .
5 polpitigama .
from 18092011 to 27052012 .
08 discissions were conducted by the advisory committee relating 12th compilation of hindu encyclopedia and printing of rare books .
advance to employees purchase .
it was matter of great intrigue to me to see a lone tea seller in a remote, snow clad hilly place, who possibly kept listening to the radio the entire day .
increase over the previous year .
it has commenced functioning .
so priority has been given in a way to the spread of education this was necessary .
kalam sahebs poem potrays the life of shri shri shri shivakumar swamiji and the mission of the siddhganga mutt beautifully .
funds have been invested in banks with a view to generating income to meet the requirements of planning and the implementation of projects to meet the necessities of the ranaviru beneficiaries in accordance with the provisions of the ranaviru sewa authority .
settlement of land issuses and approval for house building .
1 mawanella .
increase in salaries and wages .
it is a very interesting suggestion .
be they farmers, traders, small entrepreneurs, professionals, housewives, students all are enthusiastically participating and also getting benefits from it .
the unit was able to generate additional income as indicated below by organizing and telecasting promotional programs for clients and also from various sponsorships .
under ayushman bharat yojana , the government of india and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year .
i always look forward with anticipation, because i find so much to learn from all that you share .
since 2013, steps have been taken to conduct mobile services from 2014 based on the statistics identified in 12 districts under the project equal access to justice of the ministry to issue legal documents .
my first request is that just like cleanliness drive has been given the shape of a mass movement by the countrymen, let's also start a mass movement for water conservation .
who can forget bhagwan birsa munda who struggled hard against the british empire to save their own forest land .
we indians, always nurture a feeling of pride and respect towards our security forces be it the army, the navy or the air force and every countryman salutes the courage, bravery, valour, chivalry and sacrifice of our soldiers .
equipments for ntv .
in a comment posted on narendra modi mobile app, shriman ravindra singh from pune has referred to occupational safety .
simultaneously, the twin festive connects of jud sheetal and satuwain in bihar, and poila vaisakh in west bengal will envelop everyone with joy and delight .
the time has come for a confluence of individual dreams and the nations dream .
this is the very day when indian forces landed in kashmir and saved the valley from the clutches of aggression .
we, indians, are very lucky that our ancestors have created such a tradition that today india and its 1 .
it is a practice in the entire country and traditionally we follow this method of burning off the remains of the crops or the straw .
my dear farmers, you should not be misled and definitely never be scared .
just a few days ago, in the junior under20 world athletics championship in finland, india's brave daughter and a farmer daughter hima das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400meter race event .
we shall connect people through cleanliness .
agrarian service department .
arrangements were made to send letters informing each child who was selected and awarded a scholarship within the very same month .
for instance, we should work within the framework of an appropriate policy .
warrants were issued by he the president as the minister of finance on 04 12 2014 .
2951a, mahawatta road, .
we all belong to the middle class and happy comfortable families .
programmes conducted for doctors .
kamburawala maha vidyalaya .
there are many who rush to donate blood, when required .
kargil war was not limited to just our borders, but each of our cities, villages contributed in this war .
i expect that all of us citizens should contribute as much as we can in the cleanliness mission .
his concern is quite natural because it has been nearly 30 years since work began in this direction .
sep 15 25 .
sister mariamthresia, in her short lifespan of 50 years, worked for the good of humanity becominganoble example for the entire world .
unclaimed salaries wages .
mahendra mahajan, both with a keen desire to help our tribal population .
vavuniya north zone .
this means, mann ki batein, matters close to our hearts, alter with the change in season .
322 mobile services for providing legal documents .
accordingly, both routine and adhoc on demand reports were compiled to meet requirements .
further, information on registered ayurvedic practitioners published via the internet had not been updated and an updated register had not been prepared according to each district .
no of officers .
a programme 01 .
leasing of satellite band with 9 mhz .
thaippongal festival .
on 26th january the arrival of great leaders of 10 nations of the world as a unit is a matter of pride for all indians .
it was here, that he had displayed a great deal of determination for justice .
on 2nd march the entire country immersed in joy will celebrate the festival of holi .
classes approved for 2015 .
health clinic and counseling programme .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the corporation from time to time .
dehiattakandiya zone .
there are several ways of keeping the smallest thing in the household clean by using pure water .
my dear countrymen i always feel that if we look around us, somewhere or something good always happens .
the media has embarked upon quite a few innovative campaigns .
i respectfully salute saint ramanujacharya and pay tributes to him .
the uit india movement, which is also known as agast kranti began on the 9th of august 1942 .
up to 2014 december 31 .
in kathua district in jammu kashmir, all departments have been connected with beti bachao beti padhao yojana under the convergence model and in addition to the convening of gramsabhas, all efforts are being made by the district administrations for adoption of orphan baby girls and to ensure their education .
there is a great significance of sports in overall personality development .
and the most unique aspect was that gurudev tagore did not ascribe any name to most of his works .
you can still see it .
our mother india is a land full of gems and treasures and the tradition of these great saints that adorned our land are at the same level as the great men who dedicated and sacrificed their lives for our mother india .
but, i especially wish to compliment the farmers of our country .
the debt recovery period had increased from 91 days to 255 days .
play fifa on the computer, but sometimes show your skills with the football out in the field .
this means that the country has taken 125 crore steps in the direction of achieving cleanliness .
accordingly, hqis of police stations, heads of local governments and other officials as well as school students have been acquainted with the legal provisions with regards to the implementation of the official language policy .
64progress review and supervision training programmes for teachers .
3 months sanskrit classes started in jaffna and colombo .
aesthetic education branch 1st floor .
on this 26th january let us make an effort that we will respect such great men and keep the premises clean .
office equipment repairs .
come on, the whole world is coming to play on indian soil, let us make sports a part of our lives .
i had almost left the habit of reading therefore i decided to pick up the habit during vacations .
initially i was surprised to see why they created a map of india using thumb prints .
for an aware nation, an awakened nation, this churning is very important .
by the way, this also reminds me of tribal women of chattisgarh, who have done something extraordinary and set a remarkable example .
this means i shall take up our thoughts and ideas accumulated over the three months of march, april entire may after the elections, with confidence anew with the power of your blessings, once again i shall begin this series of conversations through mann ki baat .
an effort was initiated which was named gobardhan galvanizing organic bio agro resources .
no, i wont do that, but we will talk about it even though there is criticism, and then gradually, the change will happen .
wherever you go, share your experiences, share photographs .
water tank of eelam kasi shesthiram, kilinochchi .
rakshabandhan, janmashtami, ganesh utsav, chauth chandra, anant chaturdashi, durga pooja, diwali these will be observed one after the other .
official address zonal education office, vavuniya south, vavuniya .
last year, personnel of coast guard undertook a campaign of cleaning up of our coastal areas also, over and above their routine duties .
there were times when the family had no money to buy food .
15 social and cultural division .
during the year 2011, the ranaviru sewa authority implemented a number of projects and programmes to discharge this supreme functions and i state with gratitude to all those who supported in this endeavor that it reflects the collective efforts of all of us rendered for the provision of the significant service for the rananiru community amidst various difficulties .
staff debtors sundries .
minimum limit of receipts .
dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country .
f improvement of performance through updating the assets and facilities of the ayurvedic medical council .
india also performed very well in the para asian games too .
the ranaviru sewa authority since its establishment in 2000 for the welfare of the family members of war heroes who had made the supreme sacrifice for the protection of the independence of the country and those missing in operations and those who were made to retire on medical grounds following losing the limbs in operations and their family members has been planning and implementing programmes annually on ten priority areas during the past 11 years till 2010 and in 2011 commenced the implementation of progarmmes and projects under five areas .
36 leases .
826 promoting social integration through volunteerism .
221 sri lanka accounting standards .
programme commended .
the practice of yoga 30 minutes before school can impart much benefit .
give special importance to baba saheb ambedkars birth anniversary this time and the bhim app .
there used to be a time when climate change was a subject confined to the domain of the academic world, it used to be the topic for seminars, but today, we experience it in our everyday life and it also astounds us .
name chamara sampath dasanayake .
kartik has written on narendramodiapp that our athletes who participated in the paralympics have created a new history and their performance is a triumph of the human spirit .
till now 66 lakh people have received 42,000 crore rupees through pradhan mantri mudra yojana .
go to bhubaneshwar and cheer up the indian team and also encourage each team there .
official address zonal education office, hakmana .
two days ago a visual of an accident in delhi caught my attention, wherein the victim on scooter was fighting for his life for ten minutes post the accident .
installation of ac units for the following units .
health statistics .
the practice of yoga leads to building up of courage, which always protects us like a father .
almost in every state, a big plantation campaign gets underway with the onset of monsoon .
there can be no greater donation than this .
today is the holy day of ram navami .
the scale at which elections are held in india is a matter of great awe for the world .
and i am happy that people have evinced interest in these things when we spoke of tinkering labs, about 13 thousand schools applied and when we talked of incubation centres, over four thousand academic and nonacademic institutions came forward .
name branch .
followed by an awareness programme, preparation of language plans has been commenced in badulla, galle, kandy, kurunegala, nuwataeliya and rathnapura districts and at the divisional secretariat of kothmale .
vyas ji played a vital role .
official languages commission and its performance .
send your suggestions on all of these .
b financial regulation 371 5 .
director engineering .
sri naagapoosaniyamman aranery school were participated .
table 4 provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
my dear countrymen, this 21st of june, the fourth yoga day presented the rarest of sights .
within a few days from now the holy month of ramazan will dawn upon us .
but the mp from that place, a senior member who has also been our deputy s peaker, shri karia munda has dedicated his life for the tribals .
once again on behalf of all indians, i would like to re assure each everyone in kerala and other affected places that at this moment of calamity, the entire country stands by them .
since then, people have been offering books at many a place .
such was his sense of honesty commitment that the farmer, the worker right up to the industrialist trusted him with full faith .
a treasury circular no 1a1200202 of 28 november 2002 .
and when your mark sheet arrives, if they are not happy with that, they will not see you but only me .
a person writing to the prime minister of the country, but seeking nothing for ones own self .
so, akashvani maitree on this side and bangladesh betaar on that side will mutually share the content and bengali speaking people on both sides will enjoy the programmes of akashvani, that is, all india radio .
our six daughters riding the waves of the high seas, with courage, is the first instance of its kind in the world .
and our sportspersons, through their prowess, skills and accomplishments win laurels for the country as well .
prakash tripathi jis commitment to democracy is praiseworthy not only is democracy a system, but also a sanskar a part of our ethos .
progress and development assistant .
and i say this from my experience .
i respectfully bow before all of them who are part of the indian armed forces .
he has reminded me of a good deed by calling me .
after hockey, good news for india also came in badminton .
financial other charges .
i celebrated diwali with itbp men and army jawans on the lofty heights of the himalayas .
a few days ago, the countrys beloved poet neeraj ji left us forever .
revbaddegama wimalawansa thero mawatha, .
congratulations to bhai gurbachan singh ji .
how can the poorest of the poor avail of benefits of development .
prime minister namaskar, i am mona karnwal from bijnore .
taxable income .
annex 49 .
have we ever given them water to drink .
reprinting of the sinhalatamil alphabet books .
i would thus like to thank the european union, for recognizing the people of indian origin and through them in making people in india and people the world over aware of their exemplary work .
seminar on sculpture and architecture .
news papers .
said he sir, just listen to the radio .
after independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at red fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the azad hind government .
time magazine had opined that hovering over india then were the dangers of problems like partition, violence, food scarcity, price rise and powerpolitics .
beyond awards, there should be some more efforts from our society in acknowledging their contribution .
they must have shown a great sense of understanding and farsightedness and that too at a juncture when the country was getting rid of the bondage of slavery .
the discovery channel plans to broadcast this programme in 165 countries in their respective languages .
in a way, it is also a campaign for social reformation .
other special programs .
accordingly, the language division provided necessary provisions for implementing sustainable development programmes necessary to implement the official language policy .
3 trilingual sri lanka programme .
bicycle parts .
and i had also foreseen that this would result in all of us having to face various new difficulties in our daytoday lives .
the programs organized by the public relations unit include .
i have confidence that the countrymen will evince interest in this system and if you enquire from the young people around you, they would surely be aware of these things and on your asking will tell you about these .
news gathering foreign .
out of the designated sample in the survey, 70 of respondents on an average happen to be listeners who regularly tune in to mann ki baat .
as we get ready to celebrate womens day this 8th march, there is only one sentiment with strength, with vitality, the indian woman comes to the forerightfully deserves equality neither less, nor more my dear countrymen, all of you get an opportunity to express your views from time to time in mann ki baat .
these two brothers have brought pride to the nation .
procurement of vehicles for all government agencies under the financial leasing method .
today when i refer to workers, it is but natural to remember dattopant thengdi .
if this committed effort towards cleanliness become inherent to us, our country will certainly take our nation to greater heights .
i also wish today to specially talk to those living in kashmir .
in order to convey his ideals, guru nanak dev ji composed the gurbani .
two methods are being followed up by commission in implementing these programmes .
divisional secretariat ambalantota .
supply of designs market facilities .
vasuliya – magazine programme aimed at youth .
department arranged and conducted saiva siththantha classes for the people who are interested in it .
thennamaradchi zone .
providing continuous training in the three languages to those persons who wish to acquire such knowledge to be able to teach sinhala, tamil and english languages .
this ongoing movement of thoughts, the environment thats building against filth, there has been an awareness towards cleanliness .
boralu para teledrama .
actions had not been taken to fill 09 vacancies in the middle level and 15 vacancies in the secondary level .
along with importance to education, there is importance to skill likewise, technology plays a very big role in education .
i see gopi chand ji today as an excellent teacher besides being a very accomplished player .
all the secretaries of ministries were addressed personally giving guidelines to prepare their estimates for 2015 by way of a personalized letter issued by the secretary to the treasury, which included all the specific instructions .
on this pious occasion of navratri, i convey my best wishes to our countrymen and pray to ma shakti to let our country attain newer heights so that the desires and expectations of all our countrymen get fulfilled .
the advantage of this preserving system is that the visuals copied in that format will be preserved for nearly 50 years without harming its technical qualities .
it is of special significance that the officers, who have been selected by ministries, provincial secretariats and district secretariats, contributing their technical expertise in the preparation of language plans .
the number of projects and activities that the set department fulfilled in 2012 are as follows .
india's test was not only successful but in a way, india had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology .
the central government too has joined them in their efforts .
and its not just about you acquiring the right to vote .
general sir john kotalawala defence university 2012 .
we in the ranaviru sewa authority, have understood this situation clearly and have made arrangements to discharge the functions of the authority systematically, this will result in the morale of the individual vying to high a level while mobilizing the collective efforts of the staff as a specific objective to achieve next year .
using sinhala, tamil and english in all the activities carried out in the school, conducting trilingual competitions and awarding prizes and certificates to the winners, .
people tell us that he would be ever ready eager, when it came to treatment of patients .
progress for the year .
name mr mk kentharamoorthy .
for aranery school students of badulla and batticaloa districts seminars on pannisai was conducted at lunugala on 20122014 .
i just take half an hour of your time in a month but people keep sending suggestions, ideas and other material over mann ki baat during all 30 days of the month .
acceptance brings about new avenues in finding solutions to problems .
hindu religious program .
my dear countrymen, a multitude of people write to me about swachch bharat, i feel that if i have to do justice to their feelings then i will have to do the program mann ki baat every day and every day mann ki baat will be dedicated solely to the subject of cleanliness .
in another doha, kabir has written .
ndtv has started a campaign called banega swachh india .
some excellent creations were received in this competition .
the countrys self defence mechanism got further reinforced .
table 7 – b copyright fee .
automobile and .
goods in transit .
majority of them were returned due to shortcomings in them .
its true that i met the chief minister of madhya pradesh recently and he told me that they have laid special emphasis on cleanliness .
accordingly actions were initiated to advance the ranaviru children’s language knowledge particularly english knowledge, cultural programmes were conducted in ranviru villages with a view to improve aesthetic skills, and streamlined computer courses for them .
official address provincial department of education, welagedara rd, badulla .
coordinating “deyata kirula” development program 2014 .
the idea of a farflung village situated in the northeastern region in meghalaya, which has been particular about cleanliness since years, makes me extremely happy .
official address zonal education office, galenbindunuwewa .
p s no 2013279 second instalment – part ii state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
during my past uk visit, in london, the ueen of britain, ueen elizabeth had invited me to dine with her .
in view of the following factors it was observed that the existence of the corporation is uncertain .
it is with all your support that we continue to strive towards fulfilling your needs while maintaining high standards and developing quality programmes as well as uplifting good taste, ultimately to reach heights of excellence in the field of television broadcasting in sri lanka .
02 financial review .
the manner in which he had managed relief operations during the ahmedabad floods in the 1920s the way he steered the bardoli satyagrah .
i convey my hearty greetings to all fellow indians and everyone across the world, especially the muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of ramazan .
ownership certificates .
to counter these new offensives, we too have to devise appropriate new responses and antidotes .
150 hour sinhalatamil language training programme for the general public .
classes conducted in nallur navalar manimandapam .
a retired gentlemen, who not only had to get his daughter married but also to build his home, one day he received an sms, that there was a gift that had arrived from abroad and could be obtained if he deposited 2 lakh rupees as custom duty in a bank account and this gentlemen without giving any thought took out 2 lakh rupees from his hard earned life savings and sent it to some stranger .
and nivedita means the one who is fully dedicated .
can we remember revered bapu for a moment while going out for shopping .
powder coating use to the anticorrosion protection for pipeline, valves fittings .
01 finding land .
i am confident that you will surely do it and, yes, do share with me what you have learned .
even though the following subcommittees had been appointed continuously from the year 2008 to the year 2012, the intended purpose had not been achieved due to the committee being inactive .
name mr rw gamage .
as a run up to each episode of mann ki baat, the expectations aspirations of listeners through their letters, online comments phone calls are crystal clear .
shobha jalan has written to me on the narendramodiapp that many in the public are not aware of the achievements of isro .
each one should nurture dreams for the next olympics .
digital transactions in india are witnessing a very rapid surge .
it has bestowed upon us a sense of security .
in the era of 40s, while most of the discussions were centred around the second world war, the looming cold war and the partition it was during those times dr .
development of a software system under the supervision of the authority .
donation for disable war heroes bathroom fittings .
yoga too is a good means for mental wellbeing .
i would like to talk about kerala again .
july 17 26 .
he has banished the darkness from their lives .
when there is a talk of new india, its criticism, its analysis, it counter views, are but natural, and that is a fundamental of democracy .
on july 23, another son of mother india was born, who sacrificed his life so that his countrymen could breathe freely in an atomsphere of freedom .
i wrote a letter to the sarpanchs and gram pradhans across the country .
sunday, 20 august 2017 .
in the isolated regions of the nilgiri plateau in south india, a small wanderer community toda make their settlements using locally available material only .
this can be a huge learning experience especially for the youth .
even an illiterate person today knows how to send and also forward whatsapp messages .
social care institute,beruwala .
and when i say let us aim to innovate my aim stands for atal innovation mission .
these programmes are carried out such a way that the benefits of them reach all the people living in the society .
06 granting medical loans .
22 comments on financial statements .
studios and outdoor telecasts .
as the mapiya surekum beneficiaries include elderly persons we have to attend often to jobs related to their accounts since most of them do not understand the details regarding the bank accounts though they were repeatedly explained .
3 intervening in solving requests and problems forwarded by the ranaviru village members and coordinating with outside institutions where necessary .
unlawfully sale and position of heroin .
our festivals are in themselves campaigns of social reform too .
and i see clearly that the news about cleanliness keeps pouring in .
table 23 issuance of budget circulars .
31 educational programme expenses .
4000 copies of pillaiyaar kathai was published and distributed .
25 billion people can take pride in the fact that people from all communities and faith are available here .
the objective of this programme is to improve the efficiency of the public service by enhancing the public officers'second language proficiency and facilitate the effective implementation of official language policy .
annex 42 .
many good people out there are involved in beneficial work .
even though financial statements should be presented to the audior general within 60 days after the close of the financial year in terms of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003, the financial statements for the year under review had been presented by the corporation only on 15 may 2013, that is, after a delay of 76 days .
deputy director general finance manager .
expenditure of project .
conduct budget discussions with relevant ministries .
i am sure you will not misconstrue whatever ive said, but rather happily accept my counsel .
the cleanliness drive that you had begun from the ghats or banks of the ganges in kashi has now taken the shape of a movement inspired by you .
this is the 36th episode today .
some are using vegetable colours, while some are pasting bits and pieces of paper .
i am thankful to our countrymen for having provided me an opportunity to understand the feelings of the common man .
a circular in this regard has been issued to schools by the ministry of education .
special scholarship donation .
rabindra nath was a personality full of talent, a multi directional personna but a teacher in his inner self can always be felt .
the budget 2014 was mainly based on the development policy framework of the government and on the strategies identified therein .
but i do intend to try this time to shorten my speech .
the noncompliances observed during the course of audit are given below .
hence as an alternative arrangements have been made to issue identity cards to close relatives of ranaviru families using the data base from 2012 .
after dinner, the entire family can go for a walk with the children .
even such hardships were not able to cow down her zest devotion .
our saints have conveyed the message of goodwill, equality and social empowerment through their thoughts and deeds .
my dear countrymen, today is the 27th of may, the death anniversary of the first prime minister of india, pandit jawaharlal nehru ji .
preservation, promotion and propagation of hindu religion and culture .
34 underutilisation of funds .
it is directly related to the swatch bharat campaign that i talk about .
actual units manufactured .
it is also a matter of exultation for us that this entire campaign was led and steered by our young scientists, our women scientists .
in andhra pradesh it is called gotibilla or karrabilla in odisha its called gulibadi and in maharashtra, vittidaaloo .
it would not be wrong to say that he has illustrated to the entire world the real meaning of dignity of labour .
cost per person .
kilinochchi zone .
out of that, 242 applications were programme transfers and 1,347were project transfers .
nov 1627 .
aneex 09 .
like we became polio free similarly we became free from tetanus as a cause of maternal and child mortality .
i felicitate all such citizens involved in these kinds of activities and especially congratulate friends from aligarh .
and in india, ashoks life perfectly epitomizes the transformation from war to enlightenment .
she coolly spent two thousand rupees on a sari, and four hundred and fifty rupees on a pizza .
to add to these woes, there is a situation of even the doctors in big numbers being unavailable as they too are away celebrating deepawali with their families .
in a remote area of arunachal pradesh, just for a lone woman voter, a polling station was created .
mahaweli musical show, .
official address zonal education office, vavuniya north, puliyankulam .
i had once said that we should try to buy local products .
our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour .
these advertisements are published in both languages focusing on main days of religious, cultural and national significance of sri lankans .
this is also available as an ebook on the narendra modi website .
by midaugust 2014 the department sent the indicative estimates for 2015 for each ministry with the detailed letter indicating the assumptions used to derive those estimates based on these, the ministries were requested to submit their draft estimates by september 2014 for negotiations between the treasury and the relevant line ministry .
today our nari shakti is assuming leadership roles .
during the first fortnight of march, women and child development ministry along with the ministry of tribal affairs will be laying stress on the cleanliness campaign .
i am even receiving suggestion on mygov that what should be my speech on 15th of august .
the world is worried about diabetes and so it has been chosen as the theme for world health day on 7th april .
mann ki baat, june 2018 .
5 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the galnewa ranaviru village .
tomorrow on the 28th of august, the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna will complete three years .
our mission statement .
botanical gardens and public recreation .
44,047 results sheets and 297 certificates oldhave been issued .
and all this has been possible due to the relentless efforts of a 130 crore countrymen .
let us keep on meeting and keep on talking .
just recently i had two memorable meetings .
sivarathri was also celebrated in the parliament on 25092014 with the presence of members of parliament, secretaries to the ministries, directors of the departments and other officers .
initial training programme meant for national integration coordinators .
sardar vallabhbhai patels speciality was that he not only put forth revolutionary ideas he was immensely capable of devising practical solutions to the most complicated problems in the way .
crores of rupees were spent on it but we did not know if it reached the right people or not .
tuesday, 15 august 2017 .
waw pokuna .
contribution for pension w op .
sakvittho teledrama .
the kind of creative messages that you send on whatsapp slogans, poems, anecdotes, cartoons, new imagination, jokes i am seeing all these signifying the creative power of our young generation amidst the present challenges .
they do so because they are adept in multitasking .
number of beneficiaries .
but, this time after the decision taken on the 8th instant, people rushed to deposit their old currency notes .
special projects carried out in 2012 .
5 passara .
while we all understand the dangers of common cigarettes, a misconception has been generated about ecigarettes .
this achievement is a very good omen for the future of our hockey team .
mann ki baat february 2018 .
divisional secretariat bamunakotuwa .
merit award for creative directing .
the 2019 lok sabha election in history by far, was the largest democratic election ever held in the world .
23 analysis of financial ratios .
all the family members have to work as a team and play with zeal their respective roles to make this festival of examination a success .
english training center .
as for the efficient implementation of the official language policy, it is of great importance that the awareness of public officers implementing the official language policy needs to be enhanced .
this act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls .
i witnessed it some time back when i asked the countrymen to give up their cooking gas subsidy and they responded wholeheartedly .
6 supplying bags for the salawa ranaviru village .
in the year 2001, atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am .
the evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit .
they have announced that under the uttam panchayat for digitransaction, rewards of 5 lakh rupees will be given to villages doing 100 digital transaction till 31st march, 2017 .
i would request you all that do not make death so cheap .
lohia, jaiprakash narain played a leading and pivotal role .
that is why a large number of letters on agriculture have been received .
the total mileage of travel undertaken by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation transport unit in the year 2012 was 1,579,976 km out of which 1,178,120 km were covered by corporation’s vehicles, and 401,856 km were covered by the hired vehicles .
the state governments too are making maximum possible efforts on their part to provide relief to the flood affected people .
grand parents, parents and children should together perform yoga and also upload their photos .
on the narendramodiapp, on twitter, on facebook, by post i thank all of you for that .
ac 100 .
this gives me immense pleasure .
information technologysinhala and english .
information requested for audit .
for this, i heartily compliment the people of sikkim .
this year too, the print media was used to promote all channels and also to give publicity to various programs being telecast, through the publicity and media unit .
name mr nw perera .
a 24x7 helpline facility is also available its number is 1800 114 770 .
my dear countrymen, who can forget the historic speech of swami vivekananda delivered on september 11, 1893 .
creditors s jayathilake .
as per the agreement between france’s cfi institute and the sri lanka rupavahini corporation, it was initially scheduled to provide expertise only for 02 workshops .
according to the information furnished, the particulars of income, expenditure, and the net operating results for the year ended 31 december 2012 and the 6 preceding years are given below .
providing funds for the development of infrastructure facilities of a mixed school with less facilities located in monaragala .
05 granting self employment loans .
girihada raja maha viharaya, ambalantota .
i once again congratulate all players of our team .
this can surely be done .
for this, i extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the members of lok sabha and rajya sabha on behalf of millions of divyangjan of the country i express my thanks .
the unavailability of a proper procedure for the accurate computation of the tax to the government from the customs officers receiving a number of allowances is a contentious matter .
it forges a link between us and many asian countries like china, japan, korea, thailand, cambodia, and myanmar where buddhist traditions and his preaching are a part of their origins .
he was bestowed with a quiet and simple personality, but whenever, an attempt was made to suppress the voice of the poor and the weak, or injustice was done to them, then guru gobind singh ji raised his voice firmly for the poor and the weak and therefore it is said i can make one fight against one hundred and fifteen thousands,i can make the sparrow fight against the hawkthat be the reason that gobindsingh be my name .
121 presentation of financial statements .
instructors fees .
it is directly connected with those poor families who make small diyas or earthen lamps .
the officers concerned are engaged in preparing language plans for the offices they are attached to .
she always tries to help others, but one habit of hers amazes me .
heavy and light fabrications .
the carrying amount of replaced parts, are derecognized .
tuesday, 22 august 2017 .
lake house .
there is going to be a very big draw of prizes worth crores of rupees on 14th april .
but therein lies a pleasant and interesting experience too .
but this is not the truth .
farmer aunty of muzaffarpur in bihar, or rajkumari devi is very inspiring .
10to make war heroes who have protected the freedom independence and territorial integrity of the motherland at the cost of their lives or limbs or missing, immortal in the chronicle of sri lanka .
promoting the evaluation of the official languages and recognizing, maintaining and taking forward their status equality and right of usage .
if you view his life in entirety, you will note that he served communities in south africa that were bearing the brunt of apartheid in those times, it was, by no means a small feat .
it is a time for praying to ma durga .
this will be the last edition of mann ki baat in 2015 .
under the programme .
but, for its solution we only have to look inwards, to look into our glorious past and our rich traditions and have especially to understand the lifestyle of our tribal communities .
i recently noticed in a training programme in business management, our traditional sports and games being used for improving overall personality development and interpersonal skills .
number of essays .
name mrs agsp wijerathne .
my dear countrymen, being a human being, there are many things that touch me too .
assistance from the government helped us a lot and i could gather the strength to stand myself .
sale of fruits .
just last week, i had a chance of meeting some daughters of jammu kashmir .
67 12day non residential sinhalatamil language training programmes conducted under the language associations national movement for students who have completed the al examination .
millions of trees are planted .
this unit consists of 19 staff members .
in that situation, two persons worked in right earnest and developed a dwelling structure that saves the house and its occupants, mitigates the waterlogging and can prevent water borne diseases also .
keeping all this in mind, we have launched three major schemes .
as a party worker i had the privilege of working with atalji .
at the same time we must remember that a good monsoon offers both an opportunity and a challenge .
financial progress of national institute of language education and training .
in nagaland as well, tigers are seen as the forest guardians .
e contra agreements .
a enforcement of the legal framework of the ayurvedic medical council, and formulation and implementation of the regulations under the ayurvedic act .
the essence of the spirit of service can be felt in the bible too .
i respectfully pay my homage to all these brave soldiers, i bow to them .
wednesday, 16 august 2017 .
my dear countrymen, sister shivani, whose parental side of the family as well as her family on the side of her in laws is full of army soldiers, has sent me a telephone message .
in the village at that time there was supposed to be a meeting of the gram sabha, so he went to the meeting where a discussion about construction of toilets was in progress .
and each of our festivals are directly linked with the financial conditions of the poorest of the poor .
they demanded building toilets some students even wrote that they would rather go without celebrating birthday but the toilet must be constructed .
community centre after the rehabilitation .
all of us have seen houses and buildings being constructed of bricks and stones but can you imagine that about twelve hundred years ago, a giant mountain which was a single stone mountain was give the shape of an elegant, huge and a unique temple this may be difficult to imagine, but this happened and that temple is kailash nath mandir in ellora, mahrashtra .
only then will the habit of the body and mind will change .
information on all circulars issued and acts passed thus far pertaining to the implementation of the official language policy are made available to the public officers through this book .
let us warmly accept the importance of a hundred twenty five crore countrymen, let us respectfully embrace the mahaatmya, the divine greatness of a hundred twenty five crore indians and well garner strength of immense magnitude .
03education, skills and economic development division .
i feel very concerned about the lives of pregnant women of our country .
03112011trincomalee navy camp .
but the goal remains the same, and that is to save water and adopt water conservation .
the interest element of the rental obligations pertaining to each financial year is charged to the income statement over the period of lease .
this unit consists of five producers and ten production assistants are working in this division .
he was confined to a very small cell .
the total telecast hours over the channel eye was 56243h, of which 52761 hours of airtime was allocated to telecast programs over the channel .
a inclusion of motor vehicles not belonging to the college in the financial statements .
appoint date .
the unit opened milco rupavahini welfare outlet .
today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts .
issuance of budget guidelines on the preparation of the budget estimates .
people from across the country, such as sanjiv haripura from jodhpur, rajasthan, mahendra kumar daga from kolkata, p .
this is a wonderful remedy for maintaining the vigour of the mind, brain and body .
one can never forget the contribution of babasaheb towards the welfare of the working class .
there were lots of complaints about this scheme .
audio monitors fault repairs .
my experience regarding youth is different .
provision of financial assistance over a death of a war hero or any other disaster .
traveling subsidence – mileage allowance .
this was a first of its kind event in the entire world .
in the 1500 meter race, abdellatif baka of algeria set a new record by completing the 1500 meters race taking 1 .
as a responsible citizen and as a member of the society, we will have to cultivate the habit of conserving every drop of water .
under this programme, steps were also taken to hold a discussion based on answering model question papers of year 5 scholarship examination for students of difficult areas .
how can the democratic institutions at the village level, in every corner of india, be strengthened .
many of my merchant brothers sisters have put up a placard at their establishments, boldly mentioning that customers ought to carry shopping bags with them .
on one hand was the aadhar card scheme, and on the other was the jan dhan account thirdly the state and indian government compiled the lists of beneficiaries .
you may now like them, retweet them, post them to your friends .
a national highway has been constructed in 2017 through our village bhinnar .
so people go and eat there and make payments on their next visit after 2, 4 or 6 days .
04 all three persons attached to the project are women .
studio 2 .
you are connected to google guru, try searching on it and get associated with any such organization for 15 days or 20 days .
there are thousands like me who draw inspiration from him .
about three and a half thousand families of our muslim brethren reside in that little village and in a way, form a majority of its population .
we see all those great men who spent their time in jails did a great job of writing and reading their writings provided a great strength and inspiration to our freedom movement .
15 kinds of books were distributed to 150 schools and public libraries in all islands in order to celebrate the month of reading .
upto now 3,916 vehicles have been purchased, including the vehicles used for chogm, on leasing installments to be paid over 05 years period in equal monthly installments .
iv programs, publicity and purchase expenses .
through telephones approximately .
number of payments made .
in the true sense ekta ki daud is the true race for development .
a language training programme for civil society was initiated in 2012 .
b update of the registration of ayurvedic medical practitioners .
and youll witness for yourself the positive change that it will bring about in you .
since we are referring to healthcare, i would like to mention the social endeavour of doctors in bijnor, uttar pradesh .
both states have made constant strides to scale newer heights of development and have contributed toward the advancement of the country .
repairs to steel and wooden roofs .
procurement examination of bidding document shopping document .
a few weeks ago, an immense event entitled 'pariksha pe charcha' was organised in delhi in the format of a town hall programme .
district wise .
it will not be sufficient to keep this cleanliness campaign confined to beliefs and habits .
in appreciation, it was a great pleasure to felicitate with gold those staff members who have completed 30 years of dedicated service .
friends together, on october 2, 2014, we had embarked on a memorable journey together to clean our country and to get rid of open defecation .
it was this small department that organized this event in the entire world .
i would especially like to congratulate and compliment all my farmer brothers and sisters for this achievement .
giving priority to mitigate religious issues when cropping up among religions in the society, avoiding religious conflicts among religions, ensuring unity among religions are good deeds done by this programme .
a rare example of courage, determination, strength and bravery a few days ago i talked to abhilash over the telephone after he was rescued and brought safely ground .
after the nepal earthquake i talked to pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif .
rehabilitation and prison reforms .
progress of offering self employment assistance – district wise .
encouraging the laxmi of bharat amounts to strengthening the paths of prosperity for the country and her citizens .
we shall gradually advance in that direction .
every day, effluents and garbage in a large quantity flow into ganga through drains .
the project to clean ganga cannot be successful without mass participation by the people so we all will have to become agents of change to achieve cleanliness .
expenditure july to december .
if we resolve now, our efforts will lead to employment generation for those families which traditionally used to make clay idols in the past .
so, when people register in egem, all the government departments become aware of them .
vesak for children .
we have successfully connected the whole world through yoga .
but then they did give up their subsidy .
ransirimal teledrama .
people of warli community in maharashtra consider tigers as their guests and for them the presence of tigers is a good omen indicating prosperity .
participants hailing from every age group in lakhs, participated in this campaign to read books .
in this hes trying his hand on the volleyball with others .
come, over the next few days, let us try to the fullest extent possible to make each one of our sportspersons feel proud, to reward them for their endeavours and exertions .
if you had not made a call about this aspect, perhaps those connected with this cleanliness movement might have also not thought about such a sensitive issue .
indian womens hockey team won the asian champions trophy and just a few days ago in the under18 asia cup, indian womens hockey team secured the bronze medal .
these are inspirational examples in themselves .
the widespread celebration of yoga and honouring those missionaries taking yoga to the doorsteps of the common folk made this yoga day special .
he also gives his comments on what he deems correct or otherwise in whatever i have done during the month .
desiwattha akmeemana .
all sciences develop and are built up through experience .
an ngo called ecological protection organization launched a cleanliness campaign in chandrapur fort .
equipment were provided to two language labs located at department of official languages and national institute of language education and training as well .
people in many countries of the world even learnt to utter the phrase chai par charcha .
my dear countrymen, when development becomes a mass movement, a big transformation takes place .
125 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
better education, best talent and new opportunities of employment are being created .
1 bringing the ranaviru families into the society with a strong morale and a pride of vision .
livestock and rural community development .
you would have noticed, that all our festivals follow the almanac of nature .
commercial air time 2012 .
honestly speaking, mann ki baat carries my voice but the examples, emotions and spirit represent my countrymen, i thank every person contributing to mann ki baat .
building of a healthy society in sri lanka, which is free from illicit liquor and narcotics drugs .
millions of indians responded to mahatma gandhis clarion call and the mantra of do or die they flung themselves into the struggle .
127 transactions not supported by authority .
tax amount 28 .
provision of suitable land for housing and living .
quarantine information .
the tamil unit of the news current affairs division produced and telecast ‘naaledugalil indru’– news paper headlines, ‘abhiviruththip panikal ’ government development drive, ‘vidiyalai nokki’ discussion on government development drive, ‘kandathum kettaththum’ weekly magazine programme, ‘ulagavalam’ world political programme, over channel eye in tamil medium .
for the voting, there were around 10 lakh polling stations, more than 40 lakh evm machines, over 17 lakh vvpat machines .
once again, many congratulations to all of you .
basic salary .
d container examinations .
in 2015, steps were taken to conduct examinations for 11 external institutions .
ferrous castings .
fund for rupavahini museum .
brother sisters, one out of these 104 satellites is extremely important it is cartosat 2d, which is indias satellite and the pictures clicked through it will be of great help in mapping of resources and infrastructure, evaluating development and planning for urban development .
just a while ago, from the 4th of april to the 15th of april, the 21st commonwealth games were held in australia .
special in the sense that this time there were many pathbreaking firsts .
deputy commissioner of excise finance .
and therefore my opinion is that exams are like a festival and, hence, must be celebrated .
i used to work as a volunteer there during those days, i got a chance to go to a village and had a chance to meet a lady of more than a hundred years of age .
name mr a vijayananthamoorthy .
it was started in 1989 and completed in 2014 .
if the government gives even a small concession on tax or exemption from tax, then for a whole week we hear praise for that government being splashed on tv channels and in newspapers .
just imagine that one man, who came to india in 1915, and had been in the country for barely two years .
the idea is very good but i will have to think .
name mrsmpmdesanayaka .
across the country, central government, state governments, all units of the local self government institutions, one lakh thirty thousand bank branches, lakhs of bank employees, over one and a half lakh post offices, over a lakh bankmitras are relentlessly at work, day and night, with complete dedication .
he had mentioned in kannada kaay kave kailas it means, it is just through your perseverance that you can obtain kailash, the abode of shiva .
lets us all enjoy the rising honour and prestige of our daughters and see how joyful this entire experience of beti bachao beti padhao becomes .
i certify that i will attend continuously to the selected course and that i do not have any judiciary or obligatory duties during those days .
however, i have seen that the governments also have initiated and implemented many schemes .
conducted review meetings with the secretary to the treasury and the deputy secretaries along with relevant departments agencies .
spiritual leadership training for hindu youths .
training programmes for the staff of the institute .
we could collectively try and stop open defecation in so many blocks and so many districts .
the brave peacekeepers from this land of mahatma gandhi and gautam budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world .
so while speaking to these daughters, i put forth a different viewpoint before them .
my dear countrymen, on august 15, as the nations pradhan sewak, i get an opportunity to communicate with the country from the ramparts of the red fort .
but the experience over the last one month makes me feel that we need to take it forward .
to produce informative, educational and entertaining programmes while maintaining the highest standards and creativity .
development is the key to our problems .
14 government institutions identified by the government in 2015 were futher empowered as innovative model centres implementing official language policy .
this is only the beginning, but already nearly 10,000 people have visited this ecofriendly minetourism site at savaner near nagpur .
the traders can earn, so can students .
if we look around us, we will find many examples of individuals who have been working ceaselessly to foster communal harmony .
this digital movement is a golden opportunity for our youth .
you have presented that with a constructive approach .
highlighting such things in this programme will be very beneficial .
if this subsidy reached people on time or not the government has made some changes in the scheme .
the purchased vehicles have been distributed among government agencies on the basis of a need assessment conducted by the department of national budget in consultation with relevant agencies .
congratulations to the people of kallar majra and of all those places who are making their best efforts to keep the environment clean and pollution free .
can we use it to provide assistance to farmers on crop yield .
if during the course of this event sanitation prevails along with reverence, then it will lead to a positive message reaching far and wide .
but we must also connect with the drive to rid the country of black money and corruption with all our might .
name mrka susil premanath .
however, india has nothing but faith and faith only and supreme confidence in her hundred and twenty five crore countrymen that they will certainly fulfill their resolve .
nbt on sale of tv time .
training of technical officers on utilizing these hands book in preparation of language plans was carried out with the financial contribution of the national language project and the technical contribution of the asia foundation .
when he turned eight he lost his father .
independence ceremony, .
friends, apart from rakshabandhan, shravan poornima is also celebrated as sanskrit day .
my dear countrymen, with the onset of rainy season, there is also an onset of festival season in our country .
11 adverse audit opinion .
compilation of the ministerial news letter “apurwa nadee” .
five, seven or ten days before my visit a large number of cleanliness drives are held .
it can be transformed into fuel .
so while it is good to care about society, this is beneficial to the family as well .
he was the president, but all through his life, he saw himself as a teacher .
mahatma gandhi also talked about the last man standing in the queue .
as un peacekeepers, they are bringing glory to the nation in the comity of nations .
i received a letter recently which touched my heart .
we are devoted to defending the country every moment .
i am very happy that a lot of news stories related to cleanliness keep appearing in the media space .
there are times when one has to face an illness that leaves a scar for a lifetime .
training programs conducted in collaboration with foreign training institutions .
17 retirement benefit obligation .
india has created history by becoming the first country to launch successfully 104 satellites into space at one go .
they should supply this to the farmers who are willing to adopt organic farming .
best educational programme .
124 lack of evidence for audit .
for two years from now on, we are going to organise various programmes throughout the world on the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
but we must all come together .
they were deeply involved .
it is the first encyclopedia in the world published by the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs consisting of information about hindu religion .
rs mn .
specification preparations .
monday, 14 august 2017 .
he was a leader who gave up his position as prime minister fourteen years ago .
this cancer centre is going to be a boon for the people of not only eastern uttar pradesh but for the people of jharkhand and bihar also .
today, through the 'mann ki baat' programme, i am entreating 3 requests to the fellow countrymen .
our coast guard women officers are pilots, work as observers, and not just that, they command hovercrafts as well .
it has now been decided that our soldiers will give a befitting reply to whosoever makes an attempt to destroy the atmosphere of peace and progress in our nation .
further, photographs of 10 famous temples in jaffna have also been taken .
you will be pleased to know that in the summer youth olympics 2018, the performance of our youth was the best ever .
4 provision of blocks of land for the land less ranaviru families for the construction of houses .
not only the tiger population in india was doubled, but the number of protected areas and community reserves has also increased .
our culture has a continuum spread over many millennia and it is a part of our heritage .
allowance for aranery school teachers for library books .
in 2011 plans were prepared in this regard .
the awareness programme on the issues faced by the female employees in the government sector .
manage public expenditure efficiently .
because of that reason, an awareness creation programme with regard to the official languages policy was held for leading private hospitals in the district of colombo on 28082015 at the auditorium of the central bank, “center for banking studies”, ragagiriya .
mobile services were conducted for providing civic documentations, covering five divisional secretariats in the year 2015 .
name mrpsridharan .
granting skills development loans .
evaluation provincial ministry .
expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared fitness mantra fit india stories on social media .
among our fishermen, navic devices are being distributed, which contribute in their economic development as well as ensure their safety .
as such, the attention of the corporation had not been paid to making use of a budget as an instrument of management control .
then a poor widow came and parted with only two copper coins .
people are even giving donations for this .
which newer programmes can be initiated .
there exists a small village called keshla in rajnandgaon, chhattisgarh .
it became an incident to create a new selfconfidence and a feeling of self pride in every daughter .
some days ago, i read in a news article that a lady became a victim of fraud and cheat email, lost 11 lakh rupees and committed suicide .
i had urged them to focus on these childrens future, on their return home .
concluding ceremony of the national language project .
official address provincial department of education, eastern province, orr's hill, trincomalee .
we all feel proud of the fact that the farmers of our country are rooted to traditions and also take interest in modern science, they keep trying and resolve .
number of participants .
administration and establishment services as at 31122015 .
residents of the village taudhakpur in rae bareilly, village chief, district magistrate, cdo and every one joined in to create awareness amongst the masses .
year 2012 .
disable war heroes project nsb .
progress of offering self employment assistance – provincial wise .
divisional secretariat, karativu .
civil aviation .
while the objective of this programme is to deliver an efficient and a cordial service to the general public, the total cost of this programme was borne by the ministry of health .
minneriya super cross, .
in the field of defence also, india has successfully test fired the ballistic interceptor missile .
most people visit places within their own states for a week or so .
the young generation, in particular, is getting habituated to digital payments through its mobile handsets .
the year 2017 has been special for both asean and india .
electrical consumables .
50 computer centers are being effectively run by the authority as of the end of 2011 .
the themes required for news, including all the graphic dealings, are performed by the graphic unit .
ds division .
actions had not been taken for the recovery of such money while advances had been further granted to those suppliers .
ulaha valem, .
in fardistant villages, daughters are providing services ranging from pension to issuance of passport to senior citizens through the aegis of common service centers .
to ensure that the war hero and his family members are well placed in the society in a strong position both mentally and economically through measures for averting transport difficulties he faces due to becoming disabled and easing transport means of their family members and providing opportunities for them to contribute for the development of the liberated country, .
the first time ever, young persons born in the 21st century will exercise their right to vote in the lok sabha elections .
running expenses 75 .
baba saheb had strong faith in selfreliance .
during the previous episode of mann ki baat, i had appealed to the countrymen to share their positive moments of 2017 and to welcome 2018 in a positive atmosphere .
fire and all other risk insurance .
one of the main reasons for being afflicted with such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and the changes in our eating habits .
a detailed report in terms of section 137a of the finance act was issued to the chairman of the corporation on 15 august 2013 .
a scheme to restructure the sri lanka rupavahini corporation organization was undertaken in order to streamline the recruitment process and the promotion scheme .
in managing the affairs of this radio station, a resident of gujarat m .
unlawfully sale and position of cannabis .
the dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise .
saturday, 19 august 2017 .
write – off for the year 2012 .
i am thankful to bhai prakash ji for beginning his long letter with the sad departure of kalpana chawla .
promotion of infrastructure for hindu temples .
according to circular no 118, loan balances of officers who had been transferred out or in, were settled with accounting heads, under the advance account item no 240012 .
total expenditure surplus deficit .
granting skills development loans 2011 .
under this programme, funds were provided to the national institute of language education and training for conducting language classes .
it also expected to improve their savings habit as this system allows the account holder to make private contributions to it .
price list of water management equipment .
running expenses of motor vehicles .
my dear countrymen, our former prime minister morarji desai was born on the 29th of february .
a child reeda nadaf from laxmeshwara has written that she is the daughter of an army man and feels proud of being so .
but simultaneously, deep inner joy, the essence of swantah sukhaayah is inbuilt in the spirit of service .
are used to make the signage .
there are no better ways to witness this nations beauty and peoples sentiments and no better teachers than tourism and pilgrimage .
12 management’s responsibility for the financial statements .
44 internal audit .
our constitution was adopted on 26th november, 1949 .
community housing loans are granted for the following purposes .
let us start an awareness campaign to save even a single drop of water .
i have come across a nice story in the newspaper and i would like to narrate it with the fellow citizens .
formulation of the national budget .
so much so, that youngsters of only 1516 years of age have brought honour to our country by winning medals .
so i just want to ask you this, cant this be transformed into a pleasant atmosphere .
with effect from 21st september 2015,the institute has been functioning under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogues and official languages .
041 repos investment .
after i examined all the suggestions, i can say that these can macroscopically be roughly divided into three categories .
retirement benefit obligation .
vanakkam nethra, .
deposits for services refundable .
this was a turning point in the entire journey of indias freedom struggle, especially in the context of the methodology of the struggle .
electroplating techniques has also been used for better finish of some products .
i shall certainly comply with your directions .
the authority implemented 10 projects on two main targets .
the mtef presents its financial plans towards specific targets within the context of sectorial policy strategies while paying particular attention to the management of public expenditure .
ii the dependants of the members of the armed forces and police force who have been killed or are missing in action to have access to education and higher education by the provision of scholarships and other forms of assistance .
and it seems that the denizens of the villages have become involved in the competition for raising a water temple, in their respective villages .
sardar sahebs journey started with a struggle for farmers .
if we just look around, we find that it is the youth who are bringing in transformation of society in a big way, may it be social entrepreneurship, startups, sports or any other field .
09 conducting competitions .
subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the corporation and the cost of the item can be measured reliably .
peaceful trilingual society with coexistence .
yali pibidee single episode teledrama .
under this scheme, there are more than a hundred customers who have received prizes of one lakh rupees each .
innumerable shining examples like these are the hallmark of our country .
you must have heard about odisha's daitari nayak, who is not nicknamed the 'canal man of odisha' for nothing, daitari nayak chiselled through the mountain literally with his hands and carved a three kilometers long canal in his village, and put to rest forever the problem of irrigation and water by the sheer dint of his labour .
marketing promotion unit .
we can set a target of achieving record plantation of trees this time and not only plant trees but also nurture and maintain the saplings till they grow .
programme to promote friendship of gampaha district community members held on 22042011 .
in 2015, the number of devotees who performed this pilgrimage over 60 days has been crossed over by the number of pilgrims in mere 28 days this year .
if we, 125 crore indians, resolve, we can cover that distance .
my dear countrymen there are many among us who were born after independence .
and my dear countrymen, the speciality about this statue is that this is a rare statue of tilakji in which he is sitting in a chair and in this swaraj is our birthright swaraj hamara janma sidhha adhikar hai is inscribed right below tilakjis statue .
promotion of hindutamil arts culture .
yet, once again i want to offer you your own precious thoughts, woven together on the singular thread of mann ki baat .
deficiencies in systems and control observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the centre from time to time .
the monsoon session of parliament ended just a few days back .
senior mechanical superiendent .
once we embark on our journey to create a lesscash society, the goal of cashless society will not remain very far .
petroleum industries .
sunday ayubowan, .
i want to specially thank the farmers of the country .
aluminum or .
15 cash, bank balance deposits as call .
whether in the role of a party leader, member of parliament, a minister or the prime minister, atalji always established an ideal .
this was a very good experience for me .
increased storage capacity for reservoirs .
the sheer volume of students, who appeared in the board examinations, is a clear indication that our children from jammu kashmir are committed to attain newer heights of progress, to build a bright future through the medium of education .
deficit units .
the principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below .
issuing passports, issuing certificates of justice of peace steps were also taken to provide affidavits in relation to nic’s, birth, marriage and death certificates .
over two dozen competitors have entered the market where we enjoyed near monopoly thirty years ago .
all decisions have been taken unanimously by the states and the centre together .
identifying the training needs based on talents and skills of ranaviru family members and guide them for imparting technical and technological knowledge and training and making available opportunities .
comprehensive income for the year .
in the backdrop of the fact that maritime security today has become an issue of global concern and the excellence displayed by coast guard in securing indias coast line, i extend my heartiest felicitations to them on their 40th birthday .
in october the amawaka porgramme was held at the kahatagasdigiliya viharaya .
traditional industries and small enterprise development .
to plant 25 lakhs of sapling in rajasthan is not a small matter .
general administration .
my younger friends, the days of examinations are approaching .
this is a small section from the autobiography of the world’s oldest aboriginal man, henanigala, the chief of vaddahs .
ambalangoda zone .
we should celebrate 15th august 2017 as the sankalp parva or the day of resolve, and in 2022 marking 75 years of freedom, we will certainly transform that resolve into siddhi or attainment .
workshop on the batik industry .
packeting dried fish .
community members .
14 attending a concert of preschool children of watupitiwala ranaviru village and inspection tour to walbotale ranaviru village .
b utilization of assets .
i had the charge of the chief minister of gujrat at a period of time when the habitat of lions in the forests of gir was shrinking .
b customs cargo examination fees fund .
2 education scholarships .
in his memory, 15th september is observed as engineers day .
graphic animation materials .
this programme depicts the attempts by the aboriginal people to sustain their traditional life style once again and the way they have got used to the modern society and the country’s war .
be it schools, hospitals, government offices, bus depots, railway stations, everywhere ramps, accessible parking, accessible lifts, braille, many amenities will be made available .
elders, everyone, schools, colleges, all of us have to run for unity in lakhs of villages across the span of hindustan .
daham medura ampara .
it is often requested to consume safe drinking water .
for kavita tiwari, her daughter is the lakshmi of india, her strength .
527 hindu youths participated and benefitted .
water is of great importance in our culture .
sending a list of new beneficiaries to all community officers .
this programme was organized to make unity and understanding between hindu and buddhists .
ripudaman ji, i felt nice talking to you .
deferred income tax asset .
valikamam zone .
construction guarantee fund .
conducted at kallady hindu culture centre, batticaloa from 03052014 to 04052014 .
lease creditor – bank of ceylon .
batahira ahasa programeme – live magazine programme .
loans and receivables are nonderivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market .
in terms of section 653 of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003, the annual report on the activities of the defence services command and staff college and the accounts should be tabled in parliament within 150 days after the closure of the financial year .
326 providing financial assistance to the social integration related activities carried out by other institutions .
in fact, politics is one of the numerous other aspects of social life .
name mrs thandayuthapani .
i appeal to you that we should make it our nature, our characteristic as a society, as a nation that whether it be a celebration of a festival or any joyous occasion, we should keep the soldiers, the jawans of the military of our nation in our hearts and minds .
you must also visit sites associated with nature and wild life and animals .
kalutara04 day educational tour to build national unity by languages programmegrade 1011 tamil learning students of horana, sripalee vidyalaya .
051 receivable interest income .
these people are the real agents of change, pioneers of transformation .
february 2014 .
where do we want to reach as a nation .
anuradhapura zone .
how can villages plan programmes for their own development .
07 dharmachariyar residential seminars have been conducted .
the transplant was successful a life was saved .
web mail .
sale of tv time – channel eye .
as there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates .
17122011mahara pradeshiya sabha .
124 noncompliances with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
who would have imagined that a small campaign selfie with daughter starting from a small village in haryana would spread not only throughout the country but also across other countries as well .
in the evening, take your football or your volleyball or any other sports item and go to a colony of poor and lesser privileged people .
c the training programmes targeted for holding under 09 sections within the period according to the action plan for the year 2012 had not been held as planned .
in english too, it is said, pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power .
health bulletin .
accordingly, the department of national budget has continued purchasing vehicles for government agencies by calling competitive bidding from the state leasing companies of banks .
5 real time video streaming of channel eye channel on important events .
establishing and maintaining a sound financial accounting structure including finance management .
prathibha prabha .
your ambitions are my ambitions .
those very chambers have now been turned into exquisite museums a museum dedicated to netaji subhash chandra bose and the indian national army .
now when there are talks of such crisis all around, we feel the need to bring in a lot of change .
i do believe that by doing so more and more people will get to know about our heroes who brought a change in society .
sale of clothes .
according to estimates, around one crore soldiers and almost the same number of civilians lost their lives .
this thought has been fundamental to my thinking and that is why i have immense faith in the power of the people .
at the same time bright yellow flowers of mustard swaying in their fields kindle hope in the hearts of the farmers .
in ahmedabad in gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed yoga together and created a new world record .
developing the skills of government and nongovernment agencies engaged in social integration .
works and services .
many fishermen were rescued from the sea and handed over to bangladesh .
as a remedy to a main problem encountered by the ranaviru community at the regional level in giving priority, at the request of the ranaviru community and under the guidance of the ministry of defence, identity cards are issued to close relatives of ranaviru families to establish they are members of ranaviru families .
their grit and zeal, is inspiring for all of us .
he clears plastic, polythene, used bottles, dry or wet waste every piece of dirt from aisas biggest lake near srinagar .
in our country we refer to nishkaam karma, selfless deeds, meaning a service done without any expectations .
if the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as economy and science technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports .
table 52 foreign trainingsseminars meetings 2014 .
i salute these valiant soldiers and pay my tributes to them .
as ive said, a collective effort begets massive positive results .
where will you find a young man in india who will not be inspired listening to these lines sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab hamare dil mein hai dekhna hai zor kitna baazueqaatil mein haithe desire for martyrdom is now in our heartslet us see the strength in the arms of my executioner these lines inspired many young people like ashfaq ullah khan, bhagat singh, chandrashekhar azad and many others .
the balance .
action has been taken to reprint in 2015 .
seventy thousand traders also won the prizes instituted for them .
hanaya trained hard in karate with perseverance fervor, studied its nuances and proved herself .
annual salary .
now that we are talking about health, 7th april is world health day .
monday, 28 august 2017 .
friends, as you know that 31st october every year since 2014 has been celebrated as 'national unity day' .
03 printed applications were sent to the community, villages, sewa vanitha units and welfare services of security forces and defence academy for obtaining entries .
progress in awarding educational scholarships in 2011 .
table 55 loans given in year 2014 .
name mr npaa piyasoma .
i urge you all to be a part of this campaign .
agency commission .
sri nagalinga vairavar aranery school, .
it was nowhere close to what the map looks like now .
meetings and seminars .
fractures dislocation kadum bindum .
and notably, it is not limited to indian communities .
everyone wanted me to speak in more detail about the 500 1000 rupee notes .
when we talk of new india then that new india will be free from the poison of casteism, communalism, terrorism and corruption .
carrying the message of harmony and equality, he travelled north, south, east and west, meeting people, saints and sages .
the foundation for the progress of india is the rise of its villages .
and i know it very well that all of you are actively contributing in this great task .
appropriation act no 41 of 2014 was certified by the hon speaker on 24 11 2014 .
the whole world acclaimed this as a very successful tournament .
a software system has been developed with the assistance from information technology education department of the moratuwa university .
accrual publication royalty .
lakhs of tweets were posted on positive india hashtag , which reached out to more than nearly 150 crore people .
bu we do miss our near and dear ones back home during festivals .
joining with the recreation club of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, organized the annual new year festival for sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff .
copyright fees paid .
he also founded the phoenix and tolstoy farms, from where the demand for peace and justice echoed to the whole world .
sri paththira kaali amman temple, thannamunai, batticaloa .
1 national ranaviru day .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the ayurvedic medical council as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
deputy factory engineer .
several prominent leaders including jai prakash narayan had been jailed .
this is a historic achievement .
an event to celebrate different religious and cultural festivals of this nature is held at the ministry annually .
gurbachan singh ji asked him to promise that they will not burn parali or stubble in their fields .
these days , i keep receiving news from our states .
where will you reach then it is as if you are yourself digging holes in your pathways .
registration fee – tv dealers .
for centuries, this festival has proved to be a shining example of social harmony .
33 legal action instituted against by the institute .
03 employees were newly recruited for the garage .
apuru iskole mahatthaya .
like the conventional cigarette, it does not spread odour as fragrant chemicals are added to it .
public enterprises circular no ped 38 dated 14 july 2006 .
play with those poor kids, you will experience a new kind of joy, the kind you would have never experienced in your life beforethats the kind of joy youll experience .
as i am talking to you today , the holy month of ramzan has already commenced .
my dear countrymen, well celebrate guru nanak jayanti on the 4th of november .
i call gst, good and simple tax indeed, it has produced a big positive effect on our economy in a very short time span .
divisional secretariat, monaragala .
we observe armed forces flag day every year on 7th december .
ambedkar had laid the foundation of team india's spirit in a way .
the supplementary support services and contingent liabilities project treasury miscellaneous vote tmv continued to be implemented by the treasury as a tool for the prudent management of public expenditure in 2014 in order to provide funds for unforeseen urgent requirements while preventing ad hoc supplementary budget estimates .
you must have noticed that this time it has been decided to construct five lakh ponds and farm water reservoirs .
name mr h kulasooriya .
the programs telecast on channel eye are .
official address ministry of education, uva provincial council, badulla .
six months or so before independence, on the 27th of january, 1947, the world famous international magazine time had a photograph of sardar patel on the cover page of that edition .
enhancing the knowledge on social integration .
kreeda visithuru” programme national international sports events was telecasted every week and the dialog kit sports programme as a coproduction with t1 organization was telecasted every tuesday .
today, the national disaster management authority, ndma is the vanguard when it comes to dealing with disasters in the country .
1 mapalagama .
this will also forbid criminals from indulging in atrocities and will instill confidence among the dalit communities .
i invite you to work for this mission individually and collectively in every school, in every college, in every university, in ncc and in nss .
05 objectives .
she later proved herself true to her name .
it was the occasion of dedication to the nation of his collection of vachana amrit, the elixir of his spoken words .
1 data and information division .
as a result of the rains, the cool breeze has brought about some respite from the oppressive heat of past few days .
in a way, entire india received his blessings .
c the control of petty cash imprest had not been formalized due to the following matters .
we should think about what more can be done in this direction .
lakhs of teachers, officers staff strived day night to make it possible .
80 government school teachers who are engaged in teaching hindu religion benefitted by the seminar conducted from 15092014 to 17092014 in ratnapura, galle, kegalle, matara, colombo and kaluthara districts .
indignation was expressed everywhere about the activities in the parliament .
name mrs oc nilushani .
we feel proud of diversity but have you ever tried to feel this diversity .
long distance education and technology will make the task of education simpler i believe that the results of this move are going to be seen in the near future .
legal evidence title deeds, vesting documents, gazette notifications .
the attention of the commission was drawn towards the importance of conducting programmes for school children based on the experiences got from school debates and speech contests organized by the commission in 2013 and 2014 .
progress during the year .
irrigation and water resources management .
defense and urban development .
ndrf teams were deployed .
provision of additional funds for unforeseen expenditure and submission of supplementary estimates to parliament .
i welcome this .
it sounds very simple, but in reality it is not so .
financial leasing management .
our country is also using space technology in devices employed in saving assets and life .
this deed found a mention in guinness book of world records .
training programme to improve knowledge, attitude and skills .
cooperation from all of you is very important for this menace .
this will be the picture of yesterday, today and tomorrow and will be a guarantee of a brighter tomorrow .
before the monsoons, the entire government machinery was brought into a state of preparedness through mock drills undertaken at most of the places .
this should also be supplied to those farmers who care about the health of their soil and are willing to improve its quality and also to those farmers whose soil quality has deteriorated because of over use of chemical fertilizers .
just imagine .
my dear countrymen, a spectrum of many festivals would dawn upon us in the next few days bhagwan mahavir jayanti, hanuman jayanti, easter and the baisakhi .
in accordance with these ethnic groups, their religions and cultures differ from each other .
a day to remember those great personalities who drafted our constitution .
this is done under religious, cultural and traditional themes enabling the muslim community to be in touch with their religion and culture .
making arrangements for the cancellation of dead parents’ accounts .
international book exhibition, .
finance costs .
all major financial decisions were subjected to several reviews and the resulting conclusions formed the basis of the legal and authorized decisions made for the corporation .
the teledrama series which consisted of 54 episodes was dubbed into sinhala under the title of ‘sujatha diyaniya’ and gained the highest viewership becoming most popular teledrama .
vii information on frauds .
programmes implemented by official languages commission in 2015 .
you too should think along these lines .
providing provisions for projects proposed by the language associations in relation to promotion of official languages and social coexistence .
best quiz programme of the year .
our country possesses a very important institution .
in this dangerous atmosphere, adivasi women are becoming self reliant by driving erickshaws .
making necessary arrangements to issue recommendations via private health services regulatory commission to prepare all boards displayed in private hospitals participated in the programme in three languages and make announcements in three languages within a time limit and monitoring the same .
nowadays we observe sunday as a holiday but in our older generations, labourers, fishermen and others from such sections of society used to observe holidays on new moon, that is amavasya and full moon, that is poornima .
have you ever thought of creating an atmosphere of joy and laughter for children during exams .
and i would certainly urge the youth of our country to go to punjab, whenever they get the chance, and visit the samadhi of bhagat singh, sukhdev, rajguru, bhagat singhs mother and batukeshwar dutt .
elecricity expenses .
sivan aranery school, .
type 2 is due to your habits, age and obesity .
decrease in write off of income from loan interest .
4 respect and dignity of war heroes .
the maharashtra government has transformed this activity into a peoples movement .
name mr mta nisam .
application form .
accordingly, of the 91 complaints received by commission in 2015,46 complaints have been resolved .
youth programmes .
skills development project .
“nena mihira” program which is an educational support program for students sitting the grade 5 scholarship examination became popular amongst the students .
these bad habits have become a part of our nature .
rajani has won a gold medal at the junior womens boxing championship .
income receivables .
replying to the audit queries .
my dear countrymen, while talking about the constituent assembly, the contribution of that great man cannot be forgotten who played a pivotal role in the constituent assembly .
this invaluable artwork was a high point of discourse at venice .
i again want to express my gratitude to you all .
he secured a revered place in the hearts of millions who followed his messages with complete devotion, a practice that continues even in the present times .
i also salute the families of our soldiers .
and, once the money is credited into your bank account, you can use your mobile phone as an ewallet and you do not need any hifi smart phone for this, because even with the help of your ordinary mobile phone itself you can make purchases from the neighbourhood shops and make payments as well .
come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th prakash varsh of guru nanak dev ji .
you too will become a participant at home and outside during the festive celebrations .
“punya grama” programme .
some tv channels also took this idea forward .
i repeatedly tell my farmer brethren that instead of wasting our land in building fences around our fields, why dont we start planting timber trees there .
balance provision .
one shri shankar narayan prashant has strongly urged modi ji, kindly tell the people through your mann ki baat that they should not use ganesh idols made of plaster of paris .
best music programme .
cut in fertilizer usage resulted in monetary saving .
on the other hand christmas preparations must have started too .
i will give you something to ponder upon .
progress review and monitoring programmes for teachers .
311 contingent liabilities .
we should keep away from the idea of separatism or the attitude of separatism and also guard the country from any such ideology .
actually from kashmir to kanyakumari and from kutch to kamrup and from amreli to arunachal pradesh, these 34 months have examinations galore .
financial assistance for aranery school building under “deyata kirula” programme .
procurement awards .
educating the staff on entire methodology .
out of these programmes, the unit mainly focuses on, live telecasts quiz programs, health programs, and formal and informal educational programs .
director drama .
salalihini rupa kavya .
live music programme, weekly live telecast .
department published a guideline book consists of common appointment files in 2014 to administrate the hindu temples considering its good and bad conditions of the administration .
i am sure you can handle the entire business in your village using this technology .
government officials are called in and discussions are held some people write down their grievances, there are efforts to solve their problems as well .
and i keep insisting that we must buy some handloom products made by our weavers, our khadi artisans .
it feels as if there is negativity all around us .
the ranaviru sewa authority has ended funding .
organized community members for national ranaviru day 2011 .
a sri lankan nation strengthened by diversity, with reestablished coexistence and nourished cultural identities of all communities .
accordingly, it has been decided to conduct all activities taking place within schools, including displaying of main name board, in both languages via language circles .
the department did a review on 2014 budget and based on critical assessment, worked out a ministrywise potential budget .
activities related to statutory agencies non – commercial public institutions .
this spirit of we, not i will surely inspire all of us .
applying courses .
we celebrated 14th april as the 125th birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedekar and today we celebrate 24th april as panchayati raj day .
from tiny tots to grandfathergrandmother, when we all play these games together then the term generation gap disappears on its own .
the ranaviru sewa authority was established by the parliamentary act of no 54 1999 .
this is not only an issue of social media .
annex 23 .
and spinningwheel bearing mohan too chose a similar path, for the sake of freedom, for preserving human values, for strengthening the basic elements of personality character for this he lent a certain hue to the freedom struggle, a turn, that left the whole world awe struck, which it still remains today .
this has now truly taken the form of a movement .
recommendations have been given by the commission in relation to the institutions subjected to audit up to 2014 .
ordered by preference .
the scholarship count 0f the children of war heroes in the year 2011 .
programme to promote friendship of kurunegala district community members held on 21042011 .
this incident exemplifies the very spirit of sportsmanship .
he told me that the whole family is surprised at this amazing talent the girl has .
lopamudra, gargi, maitreyee be it the learning devotion of akka mahadevi or meerabai, be it the governance of ahilyabai holkar or the valour of rani lakshmibai, woman power has always inspired us they have always brought glory to the nation .
divisional secretariat devinuwara .
personally too, i have strived to lend momentum to this campaign .
however, it has been put into practice by d .
first and second issues of the “apurwa nade” were compiled and 3000 copies of them were distributed .
child development and women's affairs .
9allocation of funds .
i wish the very best to these two states .
statement of changes in equity .
this time around, there have been innumerable letters and phone calls in regard to gst .
and with indias nano satellite mission, we will get a lot of help in the field of agriculture, farming, and dealing with natural disasters .
this circle houses a row of dense trees .
the world over, people prayed for the safe secure exit of these children .
confirmation of balances .
around this time, military operations commenced in kashmir .
ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in world para athletics grand prix 2018 held in tunisia .
i too had the opportunity to participate in the yoga event held in lucknow .
04programme on the establishment of regional level innovative models .
director administration .
select ds division .
a formal course of action had not been taken even during the year under review for the recovery of the money from the debtors existing for more than 07 years .
ext no .
and its not that only the young are climbing everest .
name mrs rpp abeykoon .
recorded cassettes .
cancelled cheques corporate .
distress and bicycle loans .
type 1 is hereditary if the parents have it, so shall their child .
my dear countrymen, in mann ki baat, we talk about those persons and institutions who make extraordinary contribution for the society .
copy right .
official address zonal education office, anuradhapura .
these atrocities against sardars on the birth anniversary of that great personality who lived for unity, that sardar, is a page of history, which causes pain to all of us .
i want to reassure my farmer brothers and sisters that jai jawan jai kisan is not merely a slogan, it is our guiding mantra .
preserving umatic cassettes and preparations to preserve cassettes using xd cam technology .
but, if we become aware at an early stage and put a stop to it, then a lot can be saved .
sitha nivana katha – 10, .
relevant data collection for the survey will take place in january 2016 .
issuance of national identity cardsnics have been provided to about 967 individuals in 2015 .
in this manner, this programme became a festival celebrating development, a festival of peoples participation and a festival of peoples awakening .
this campaign made people aware of social maladies such as childmarriage and the dowry system .
but this is a day when the nation celebrates the achievements of our doctors and expresses gratitude for their spirit of service and commitment towards society .
everyone has become so busy with technology in his or her own way .
many good wishes to you all on the national sports day .
but, i saw that this time in most of these suggestions, people had asked me to say something about the rio olympics .
12day short term language training courses are to be organized by the national institute of language education and training for public officers who are unable to attend the parttime language training programmes .
it is correct that i am reaching maghar on the 28th .
coconut development and people's estate development .
i believe that even if the kumbh mela is a religious and spiritual occasion, we can turn it into a social occasion .
after holding longterm discussions separately for ministries, it was confirmed whether the provisions have been allocated properly for all the projects .
on the narendra modi app, shri onkar shetty ji of udupi, karnataka has expressed his happiness on the completion of the national war memorial .
6systems and controls .
but i want to share with you what i heard from these heroes .
eberthu etha teledrama .
we can distribute armed forces flags on this occasion .
official address zonal education office, batticaloa .
i begin mann ki baat today with a heavy heart .
click here to apply online .
we are receiving quite positive suggestions on mygov, it is helping in getting assistance in creating logos, taglines and formulating policies by yourselves .
and it is true that in our country about 50,000 mothers and almost 13 lakh children die during delivery or immediately after it every year .
at the most, whenever there are elections, then we see advertisement all around us, they write on the walls and hoardings are put to tell that to vote is our sacred duty .
the education services unit has the task of producing formal and non formal educational programs that are helped to improve the knowledge of the children of the nation .
this function is held in may annually .
b according to the ayurvedic medical council paper no 141308 3 dated 15 july 2005, practitioners should renew their registration once in five years with effect from 01 january 2006 .
comprehensive income for the period .
public relations and public affairs .
you have to voluntarily lend your leadership to this great campaign, this maha abhiyan, to create a cashless society, to eradicate corruption from our country, to abolish the scourge of black money and to help people in overcoming their difficulties and problems .
once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of ramnavami .
auditing of unaudited government institutions in bilingual administrative divisions .
this has laid the foundation of a new revolution in the waterways sector .
this is the speciality of our bharat bhoomi, our motherland where gita was created on a battlefield today when we are passing through the times of such gigantic changes, your original creativity is manifesting itself within you .
the vastness and diversity of india, in fact, at times even rains play hide seek through partiality laced likes dislikes .
an event such as this would have pushed anyone towards remorse and despair in the case of medvedev, there was no sign of the slightest pallor on his countenance .
designation additional provincial director of education development .
management assistant .
his father had died of cancer at a very young age but he connected his livelihood with cleanliness .
this conveys the immense significance attached to the sanctity of service .
sir, i have a question recently in kerala, we heard you speak about replacing bouquets that we give as gifts, with good books as mementos .
some of them chose the snow clad mountainous terrain of siachen for the same .
i want to gain an insight into your understanding .
media gallery .
ramesh ji , respectful greetings to your mother .
my best wishes and blessings to these daughters .
it is my belief that you will surely publicise and spread awareness about this quiz .
the fact is, when people are blessed with exemplary leadership, the might of arms pales in comparison to the collective will power of the people .
official address zonal education office, rathnapura .
provision for fine on gratuity .
seminars on pannisai was conducted at bulathsinhala on 20122014 for aranery school students of kaluthara district .
issuance of national budget circular nos 157 157i in this regard .
let us ensure this journey of 2019 remains successful .
i, whilst appreciating the services of all management staff and members of the staff of our department who had extended their cooperation for providing admirable contribution for our efforts to achieve the targets in 2014, no doubt they deserve my gratitude .
10day tamil language training programme for the national integration coordination officers .
when i was chief minister of gujarat, syedna sahib the religious leader of dawoodi bohra community had completed his hundred years .
p s no 2014286 third instalment part i funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
matale theru festival .
initiative has been underway in preparing five digital video disksdvdbased on five common occasions where bilingual conversations take place in government institutions .
the objectives of this policy are promoting a sense of responsibility in all citizens as equal partners in the process of promoting social integration and creating a sense of belongingness to the society, creating a society nourished by the pillars of discipline, education and empowerment and strengthening the basis of social integration policy .
in the last few weeks wherever i went and met people, 'man vs wild' gets a mention .
vigilance can be of help to reduce many shortcomings in the education system peoples participation will go a long way in achieving this .
preparing progress and action plan for the year ahead and submitting the same to the parliament during the course of the budget debates .
one ranaviru remembrance programmes was conducted with outside institutions .
there is absolutely no need to spend much on wedding reception or any other item .
training related information can be obtained from training engineer .
a total of 07 cases have been filed against the corporation .
look at the other side, on one hand the parliament and on the other hand this child of the country, both are talking about cleanliness, a country cannot be more fortunate than this .
japan yoga niketan runs many institutes and conducts various training courses .
today, thousands of poor people are treated free of cost in this hospital that has come up through hardwork .
types of licenses .
new sets .
and when the people of france chose river seine and eiffel tower in which they take pride to do yoga, they gave an equal status to it as river siene and eifel tower .
categorization of programmes 2012 .
we want to strengthen these people .
5 ukuwela .
establishing library facilities at rassagala tamil vidyalaya and rassagala sinhala vidyalaya .
particularly for my farmer brothers and sisters, our new satellite cartosat 2d will be immensely helpful on a whole lot of subjects such as knowing how much water is there in our existing water sources, how this should be best put to use, what things to keep in mind in this regard .
under his leadership, the country proudly grew in stature in the field of nuclear power also .
the young generation of our country should come forward in the world of sports and in todays computer era i would like to alert you to the fact that the playing field is far more important than the play station .
every time the inputs that come in response to every episode of mann ki baat, are analyzed in detail by the government .
women leaders, trained by the empowerment of women programme conducted in 2014, initiated this programme with the assistance of social integration officers of provincial office in killinochchi .
no martyr, no family is an exception to that whether it be the family of martyr vijay maurya of devariya, the parents of martyr tilakraj of kangra or the six year old son of martyr hemraj of kota the story of every family of martyrs is full of inspiration .
on the 2nd of october, 1869, at the beach of porbandar, in kirti mandir as it is known today, in that tiny abode, not just a person .
this has been proved by all scientific methods that a serious damage is caused because of an excessive use of urea .
foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at yearend exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in the income statement .
swamy vivekanadar aranery school and .
my dear countrymen, we have full faith in our armed forces .
security unit .
can we, beginning now, till the yoga day, devise a campaign to spread awareness on yoga .
according to the comprehensive income statement, the total expenditure for the year under review amounted to and as such the cost per graduate amounted to management inefficiencies .
many documentary programs were produced and telecast under the various topics on nature, personalities, history, archaeology and human life .
dear brothers and sisters, today is the birth anniversary of a great poet of our country shriman harivansh rai bachchan ji and on this occasion today, shriman amitabh bachchan ji has given a slogan for swachhta mission .
3 to ensure the ownership of a permanent house to each ranaviru family .
hire of transport facilities current affairs .
table 41 vehicles approved by the department of national budget by vehicle type, in 2014 .
they will need to face the truth on their thinking that burning the remains of crops helps save time and effort and prepares the field for the next crop .
however, it is also a fact that if we look closely, we shall find that despite missing medals, indian players gave a very good account of themselves for the first time in some of the events .
drivers room in kokavil tx station, .
telecommunication and information technology .
and if you think that after appearing in all exams, at a new threshold of your career you will learn some new skill, then you wont get a chance .
can we, this time, introduce a novelty in welcoming her .
54 yoga classes, 430 dance classes and navarathri pooja have been conducted to improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of aranery school students of navatkuda hindu cultural centre in batticaloa which is administrated by the department .
i extend my warmest greetings to everybody on the occasion of easter .
just try and imagine it .
major areas .
the longest railroad bridge, bogibeel bridge was dedicated to the nation sikkims first indias hundredth airport, pakyong commenced operations .
i would like to congratulate our honourable parliamentarian sri karia munda ji for the same .
you can write essays in various languages and there is no age limit .
name mr k rizwi yahzar .
pattam poochigal, .
attention is focused on preventing any injustice or marginalization within the education sector caused by socioeconomic inequalities or ethnicity or religion in order to provide the right of access to education .
1043 identity cards exceeding the target of 1000 were issued in 2011 to close relatives of ranaviru families .
i publically say during elections that one must cast his vote before he eats his food .
dilip chauhan, from ahmedabad, gujarat, who is a visually challenged teacher celebrated accessible india day in his school .
generating knowledgeable translators and interpreters of sinhala, tamil and english languages to be recruited in the national translators' and interpreters' service established by written law .
after one year of emergency, atal ji wrote a poem, in which he describes the state of mind during those turbulent times .
the unit conducted an ayurvedic medical camp for sri lanka rupavahini corporation staff in association with ministry of indigenous medicines .
this has become the habit and the culture of the village .
when i was a child we would be scared by the very mention of the word tb .
it holds much for people across the age and class spectra to see and learn .
you must have heard that himachal pradesh as a state is now open defecation free, has attained the status of ofd .
over the last few months the country has witnessed a certain atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement .
whatever has happened is good, but more good needs to be done .
actions in terms of sri lanka accounting standard no 16 had not been taken to revalue and account for those assets .
after that, ndma organized workshops on heat wave management as part of a campaign to raise awareness in people .
banks are the mainstream of the economy and to reach this facility to the homes of the poor, the programme of bank mitra is being strengthened .
people have been ascending the everest for years many have managed to reach the peak successfully .
poompuhar siththivinayakar aranery school, .
i would request all of you also to kindly listen to this programme in your regional language as well .
we have even converted the knowledge about food into a science .
large flags .
bhagini nivedita ji also helped the great scientist jagdish chandra basu .
out of the fines collected under the tobacco tax act, 25 percent can be used for the payment of rewards .
now listen to this phone call, which i have received namaskar, pradhan mantri ji, my name is monica and since i am a class 12th student, i wanted to ask you a couple of questions regarding the board exams .
this monsoon season, there should be mass plant sowing campaigns conducted by youth and social organizations .
but this time, along with a photo, please write and send a small piece about the place, thus displaying your creative prowess one gets to learn a lot by visiting new places .
also, extensive work is going on to set up health wellness centres across the country .
twenty workshops were conducted for the students who sat for the grade 5 scholarship in 2012 all over the island with an overall participation of 25,000 students .
wheel chairs .
subsections 3 and 4 of the section 13 of the finance act, no 38 of 1971 give discretionary powers to the auditor general to determine the scope and extent of the audit .
my dear countrymen, two days back on 23rd november, we all celebrated shri guru nanak dev jayanti and next year in 2019 we shall be celebrating his 550th prakash parv .
the clarion call of uit india was such that within five years, in 1947 the british were compelled to leave india .
a large number of foreign and domestic tourists travel across the country people also travel to celebrate christmas vacations .
the ranaviru sewa authority and the western province ranaviru community conducted a bodhi puja on 24112011at the gangaramaya temple hunupitiya .
one such illustrious indian is being honoured in vatican city on 13th october .
a standard budget circular was not issued for the preparation of budget estimates for the year 2015 .
external service .
cultural sevakka .
setting up of bilingual facilitation booths .
financial assistance provided to 13 hindu temples under the occasion of providing funds for “kumbabisekam .
dharmasariyar residential seminar, colombo .
this is very pleasing and inspiring for any cleanliness loving person .
nhrc has instilled widespread awareness of human rights and has played an important role in preventing their misuse .
053 service charges .
formal educational programs for gce ol students were also telecast continuously under the theme of “jathika pasala” .
watupitiwala ranaviru village .
the english had lost interest in india they wanted to leave india fragmented into pieces .
6 rambukkana .
state governments, union government, local selfgovernment bodies, social organisations and the citizens did whatever best could be done .
our ministry of minority affairs issued corrective measures and we ameliorated this restriction by phasing out a tradition that had been in practice for the past seventy years .
i request the citizens also to get involved, wherever they feel that they too can pitch in these programmes .
the drainage lines are being fixed in punjab .
it was not confirmed that action had been taken to review properly and implement this corporate plan or to evaluate the performance .
for the programmes in jaffna .
mannar zone .
but muslim women in india did not have this right .
the great hindi poetess mahadevi verma used to love birds .
science and technology are value neutral .
at times, sensitive events touch me a little too deeply .
my dear young friends, i once again earnestly appeal to you to take forward this campaign .
activities carried out in coordination with outside institutions .
i seek benediction from lord buddha for the entire world, so that we can fulfill our responsibility in building a peaceful and compassionate world based on his teachings .
she has also secured a good rank in the clat exam .
monday, 05 august 2013 0938 .
03 sessions on planning of curriculums .
housing for all or the house for everyone scheme involves geotagging of about 40 lakh homes spread over 23 states .
do give it a thought it is not like you need lots of classes, a great trainer, hefty fees or a big budget for this .
name mrs labl gunasena .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the commissioner general of excise from time to time .
name mr sa alagiyawanna .
facilitation of the performance of the responsibility conferred on the legislature for the management of public finance, by provision and distribution of resources for efficient delivery of public services and for the achievement of the development objectives of the government .
compiling of trilingual glossaries .
a financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires .
those winners included 310 who excelled in education, sports, esthetics, languages and activities out of subject .
making of door mats .
but i have full faith in tamil nadus potential and know that post this crisis it will rise again and speedily move forward and will continue to deliver in its role of taking the country forward .
dear brothers and sisters, you must all be busy in the preparations for diwali, houses must be getting cleaned .
ac systems in out broadcasting vehicles, ob – 1, ob 2, head line van slow motion bus etc .
kodei mazlei .
ratnapurabuilding social integration by establishing cooperative education programme in balangoda .
they rent the lantern for rs 100 per month .
14th december is national energy conservation day .
practitioners on registration of doctors during the year under review and two preceding years are given below .
c security deposits had not been obtained in connection with certain debtors' balances .
cleanliness is very important in monsoons .
the international educational tours which were provided directly to the ir unit were offered to a producer for siyol – korea, 02 producers for china, and 02 producers for shanhai – china under the chairman’s approval .
b balances receivable and payable .
a documentary programme on kachchatheevu island produced to depict the extensive freedom for travelling within the territory of sri lanka, after regaining unity .
actual cost .
therefore inventories are valued at their cost .
a few days ago, honble president took an initiative .
this will result in monetary savings, as well as one would be able to contribute towards protection of the environment .
all banks are engaged in this and are doing their best .
in this letter, he mentions books read by him during that month along with quotations .
2 taking necessary action regarding the deyata kirula national exhibition .
one is not done with one festival, in the mean time the second one comes along in a way one festival leaves us waiting for another .
it was veer savarkar who boldly expostulated by writing that whatever happened in 1857 was not a revolt but was indeed the first war of independence .
all of them overcame each every obstacle through their firm resolve and eal, attaining success for the world to see .
housing loan prepayments .
official address zonal education office, ibbagamuwa .
teacher training programmes on sinhalatamil languages .
property, plant and equipment .
new india is neither a government programme, nor is it the manifesto of a political party, nor is it a project .
annual report 2014 .
7 to engage the disabled war heroes to work with self confidence .
i dont get it .
an acnowledgement confirming the receipt of money and a letter thanking for providing the funds were sent to each donor .
once you learn to accept, maximum number of problems will be solved there and then .
he envisioned the welfare of all humanity and considered all castes to be equal .
preserving hindu culture and arts .
please, do not do that, else your family members will be displeased with me .
56 budgetary control .
for this, efforts are being made in different parts of the country, in diverse ways .
refrigeration equipment in staff canteen, .
i was told that in devas district of madhya pradesh, the gorva gram panchayat took up the drive to create farm ponds .
a few days from now, the pious occasion of idemiladunnabi will be observed .
the empathy within you will begin to appear .
not just in india, it is a part of the discourse in the whole world .
katugastota zone .
and if something strikes your attention, please go to the school and discuss it with the teachers yourself .
january, february, march, april all these are for every family, months of most severe test .
fund for hindu tradition was established in 1985 by the 31st act to perform hindu religious cultural activities independently .
thaipongal special tele drama .
i had told you last year as well that you all must have all kind of fashionable clothing, all kinds of fabric, a lot of things, but you must also own khadi .
no indian can ever forget .
i have suggested to the ministry of minority affairs that they should ensure that all women who have applied to travel alone be allowed to perform haj .
sardar patel, a true son of the soil will adorn our skies too .
nellandaiyamman aranery school, .
a simple, peace loving personality, morarji bhai was one of the most disciplined leaders .
the constitution of india, the duties of citizens, the rights of citizens and our commitment to democracy these in a way make republic day also a festival of sanskaars, which makes our future generations cognizant of democracy and their democratic responsibilities, and also imparts to them the culture, moral values and norms inherent in our democracy .
a register for computers, computer accessories, and software had not been maintained .
coordinating “deyata kirula” development programme2014 .
i needed to take a bank loan which i got very easily and my daughter was able to continue her studies .
our country is blessed with the maximum number of young people .
these lines were written centuries ago, but even today, carry great relevance .
annual report 2012 .
314 grants .
price list of products .
one daughter at surat in gujarat served only tea to all the guests who had come to her wedding there was no big function, no feast or banquet because there was a shortage of cash due to demonetisation .
people of north india may not be knowing what all is there in the south .
and all these things are not necessarily achieved through the budget, government projects, or government money .
in the coming days, we are also planning to take many important measures for implementing national road safety policy and road safety action plan .
ii disabled ranaviru welfare project .
your opinions will really help me .
my dear fellow citizens, my heartiest best wishes to you all .
kunkuma pottu popular tamil chart show .
ongoing projects .
administration of navalar mani mandapam, jaffna .
recently, harshvardhan, a young student of eleventh class has put before me a different type of thought .
my dear countrymen, while some time ago, we were concerned about a drought like situation, these days, on the one hand, we are enjoying the rains, but on the other, reports of floods are also coming in .
g inland revenue act no 10 of 2006 .
could you please elaborate whether its results after one month are matching the expectations of the government .
diversion of water for irrigation .
office in colombo .
anuradhapura district committee meeting on 18082011 .
i too bow in gratitude to you o brave soldier .
26th january, our republic day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us .
therefore promotion of yoga is a great example of social service .
if we collectively strive to do it with eternal vigilance , it surely can be flushed out .
on behalf of all our countrymen, i salute every soldier of our security forces who guard the countrys borders with utmost dedication and a spirit of sacrifice, braving all odds .
festivals have their own significance in social life .
devesh from delhi gas also sent me a similar message .
sports means, physical fitness, mental alertness and personality enhancement what else does one need .
these gates consists of various parts such as, housing, seat, slide, base plate, wedge block, brass or gun metal nut, operating handle or wheel, threaded spindle, extension bars, anchor bolts and nuts etc cast iron sluice gates are one of our standard products .
talent show, sponsored by higher education ministry .
making politics an all pervasive, powerful factor is not an effective way for a healthy society .
grant approval of the department of the national budget to travel abroad for various purposes trainings, meetings, seminars, conference etc .
however, at the end the vehicle becomes an asset of the concerned agency .
pradhan mantri ji, i am aparna from pune .
i congratulate all those actively involved in preserving conserving this glorious heritage, helping it to reach out to the masses .
13 attending foundation laying for housing ceremony at galgamuwa ranaviru village on 27102011 .
budget estimates for 2015 were formulated within the tenyear development framework 20062016 .
ill be back after a months wait and meet you again .
i am also thankful to those countrymen who knocked on the doors of the government by writing letters and by sending in suggestions and highlighting shortcomings of the government and all india radio mounted special programmes on these letters by inviting concerned government functionaries and thus provided a platform to address the problems .
in our media many interesting events of the year gone by are broadcast again to reflect on the previous year .
village housing loans are granted for following purposes .
kapilawasthu tooth relic take in procession live telecast tissa maharamaya .
submitted 399 observations on cabinet memoranda .
let us turn this vacation into a learning opportunity, for a totally new experience .
what will happen to the health of a poor mother how has to inhale smoke equal to that from 400 cigarettes while cooking food on a chulha which burns wood as fuel .
manager for hindu pilgrimage guest house .
we know that both bangladesh and west bengal continue to have a common cultural heritage .
4 kegalle .
she was born in ireland as margret elizabeth noble but swami vivekanand gave her the name nivedita .
v mapiya surekuma programme .
2 for the implementation of projects financial contributions are made through jayaviru lotteries and subsequently supiri wasana sampatha .
informationa regarding the new recruites can be obtained from the information management officer .
in order to gather vulnerable people and teach them about hindu moral characters, this progrmme was arranged in selected vulnerable areas .
it is a difficult task, but we have to do it .
photos of such magnificent places were uploaded that it was truly a delight to view them .
their loan applications can be collected from respective welfare directorates .
i went to the school, the foundation of which had been laid by none other than respected baba saheb himself .
6supplying cash prizes for winners from 1st to 6th place of the home gardening contest of the walbotale ranaviru village .
i am lakhwinder singh from jalandhar, punjab .
the octogenarian vasantrao sudke guru ji from maharashtra has been running a movement from a long time .
im also thankful to our indian friends who created a platform for our players to showcase their skills .
name mr ppcsj pathirage .
we also remember with gratitude the blessings of his excellency the president, the hon minister of mass media and information, secretary to the ministry and the support of our board of directors .
total cost .
he knew very well that making india a hub of science, technology and industry was imperative for her future .
he is extremely enthusiastic and motivates others also to go digital .
43 audit committees .
ministry of state .
all of us are experiencing global warming, climate change now .
replied to the all audit queries 07 forwarded by the department of auditor general .
betal cultivation .
participation of staff of director boards and committees representing treasury department of national budget .
the etv unit project under the theme of “jathika pasala” was assisted by the producers of documentary unit .
total statutory income .
there is another chapter of history associated with punjab .
eleven cases had been filed against the corporation by external parties and 05 cases had been filed by the employees of the corporation as at 31 december 2012 .
determining the linguistic gaps targeting police, local government authorities and hospitals in 54 bilingual ds division is expected to be commenced .
the 31st of october also is the death anniversary of our former prime minister indira gandhi .
bad debts provision .
you must be wondering what a railway station has got to do with women empowerment .
he overcame the adverse situation and scripted his own success story .
i consider them new india youth, new india youth stands for aspirations, enthusiasm energy .
annex 20 .
“iniya vasamtham” hindu buddhist integrated programme from ministry allocation .
though these stories were written about a century ago but remain relevant all the same even today .
1 school age children of war heroes who have died or have become disabled due to causes outside operations and belong to the category of low income families .
in our country, we give subsidy for the gas cylinders .
sunday lankadeepa .
divisional secretariat yatinuwara .
creating audiovisual tools essential for regional level bilingual administration .
this self confidence, this very positivity will by a catalyst in realising our resolve of new india, of making our dream come true .
this spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature .
name mrs aj croos .
air force motor race, .
incentive gratuity compensation .
341, praja road, .
electricity reached each every village of the country this year .
balance as at 01012011 .
details of the classes conducted for language associations in 2015 are as follows .
recruitment scheme .
the works done during these years were tested on every touch stone .
1196 hindu aranery teachers participated and benefitted .
following the programme, it was decided that the future activities should be carried forward by the commission .
a journey that began five years ago gathered momentum with mass participation is now setting up newer benchmarks in cleanliness sanitation .
budget 2 district awareness .
the same question gave rise to a great scientist of modern india .
promotional expenses .
snake bite sarpavisha .
cash, bank balance deposits as call .
to improve the physical, mental, religious and cultural interest of aranery school students, 174 yoga classes, 64 miruthanka classes, 75 violin classes, 102 pannisai classes and 03 hindu saints guru poojas and thiruvasaka festival were conducted at nallur navalar manimandapam which is administrated by the department .
poson celebration .
the peaceful atmosphere at the kumbh mela gives moments of tranquillity to the soul .
july 4 14 .
from mahatma gandhi to shastri ji, lohia ji, chaudhari charan singh ji, chaudhari devi lal ji they all recognized agriculture and the farmer as vital aspects of the nations economy and also for the common mans life .
nearly 3000 legal documents including birth certificates, marriage certificates, death certificates, police reports were issued to beneficiaries in this mobile service .
special loan .
accessories of cast iron gates are available for sale .
aiming at increasing the viewership, advertisements were published through these organizations according to a proper plan, throughout the year in sinhala, tamil and english languages .
department expects to follow the regulations perfectly as administration of the hindu temples will be regularized in a limit and to achieve the purpose of appointing temple administrative board .
accordingly, though the overtime paid from the fund to all officers who conducted the investigation should be deducted from the fines income, it had not been so done and brought to account as an expenditure of the customs overtime fund .
35 finance division .
making of brown paper bags .
ippadikku sattam .
i, once again convey my best wishes to all .
there was hardly any state in india youths from which were not exiled to the dark waters of andamans and were forced to spend their youth in this cellular jail during the freedom movement .
41 internal audit .
i also convey my wishes to all the teams from around the world coming to participate in the tournament .
may the lives of all these great luminaries inspire us, and give us the strength to resolve ourselves to the cause of new india .
name mrrmananda .
anthurium cultivation .
sometimes we do injustice to our youth guided by a certain perception .
earlier it was said that by the touch of philosopher's stone, iron could be transmuted in to gold .
sinhala, tamil and muslim students of 04 selected schools in vanathawilluwa and kalpitiya divisional secretariats .
production income .
table 3 – the client debtors provision as at 31122012 .
nandlal bose toured villages around haripura, concluding with a few works of art canvas, depicting glimpses of life in rural india .
but 26th january, 2018, will especially be remembered through the ages .
head 01 ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
students, their parents and teachers, all are engaged in tasks related to examinations .
the diligent hard work by this countrys workers, and farmers, and youth has scripted a new chapter of success with flying colours .
they say modiji, do not feel exhausted, do not stop and take the most stringent measures that you can now that you have chosen this path, the journey should culminate at its intended and logical destination .
when we refer to adivasi women, a stereotypical image comes to our minds, comprising jungles, pathways in the woods and women carrying kindlewood on their heads .
income tax over provision for the year 2010 .
developing 04 identified divisional secretariats as innovative model centres .
sabragamuwa provincial council members, kegalle district secretary, additional secretary of this ministry, director and officers of this department and public participated at the event .
some of these ideas and suggestions i will definitely put in front of you during the town hall program .
sharmila ji has rightly said that we do need to bring reforms for quality education .
see, these are the pathways leading towards change .
he did not want anybody to languish in poverty forever .
thunthara bodhiya relegious programme .
when a hundred and twenty five crore countrymen are standing by you, nothing is impossible .
while this is a document installed within ministries from the ground level to the national level, it contains the strategic plans and policy solutions relevant to efficient and effective implementation of the official language policy in the respective institutions .
she has drawn attention to this issue .
let there be millions and millions of resolves .
'one nation, one tax' was the dream of the people of this country that has become a reality today .
about 175 child marriages have been prevented so far .
on 31st october, this year too run for unity is being organized in consonance with previous years .
during the conversation with one of them, a visually challenged young man, and he mentioned that he happened to be a stage artist, and specialized in mimicry during entertainment programs, so just like that i asked him as to who all he could imitate .
wherever such tinkering labs are established in schools, those would be given 10 lakh rupees and further 10 lakh rupees will be provided for maintenance during the period of five years .
approach for the year 2011 .
cash and cash equivalents .
while center for policy alternatives is contracted to implement this activity, preparation of questionnaires, instructions and training of enumerators for the pilot survey have been completed .
among them, the programmes mentioned below have been conducted .
the same narayan is winning medals for india at international events .
web site .
abu’s fixed variable charges .
i dont get offended by all this .
no one can forget the story of krishna and yashoda where he opened his mouth and the mother was able to see the entire universe, and then only his power could be realized .
reprinting of the language guidelines books .
coincidentally, the 3rd of march is also the birth anniversary of jamsetji tata .
dr ram manohar lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production .
i would like to mention another name today, that of 75 year old subhasini mistri, hailing from west bengal, who was selected for the award .
baba saheb strengthened the oppressed, exploited, deprived and crores of people standing on the brink of marginalization via the constitution of india .
all this has been done on the occasion of deepawali .
314programmes conducted in collaboration with the national language projects .
if i reply to the question asked by you straightaway then i will say that i do not make any preparation .
just see, no budget, no circular, no special arrangements but just will power brought about such a big change .
people have shared their experiences, conveying the rise of selfless volunteerism as a consequence of mann ki baat .
in a way you are a soldier in the cause of cleanliness and purity .
there is a need of considerable spending in order to do so .
their will power, their struggle with life and their zeal to transform crisis into opportunity is worth lot of praise .
national film corporation .
under this activity, money allocations were made to the positive projects given to us kanthale pradeshiya sabha, bandarawela district secretariat, nuwaraelya municiple council .
department of official languages was established on 01101956 as an institution tasked with the implementation of official language act no 33 of 1956 .
table 4 – the sundry debtors provision as at 31122012 .
i pray for tomys sound health and i am sure that his courage, bravery and resolve to fight and emerge a winner will inspire our younger generation .
our divyaang brothers and sisters are an invaluable heritage, a precious endowment, just as every citizen of the country is .
there is hardly a day which does not have a festival ascribed to it .
technical training on preparation of language plans .
as a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th january at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature .
ii the dependants of the members of the armed forces and police force who have been killed or are missing in action to secure gainful employment .
women achievers of our country the first female merchant navy captain, the first female passenger train driver, the first female fire fighter, the first female bus driver, the first woman to set foot on antarctica, the first woman to reach mount everest first ladies in every field .
i would especially like to thank the hospitality of the people of jammu kashmir while referring to successful organization of amarnath yatra .
one of their findings was that, this programme has remained apolitical .
loan balances .
islandwide awareness programme for general publicprinted media advertisements .
awarding of ranaviru uttama puja medals took place in 17 districts .
pudam puthu kalai .
news current affairs .
adorning of ranaviru flags took place in 8 provinces .
the reverence and devotion for sardar vallabhbhai patel in their hearts was reflected in the form of homage paid to him .
but sometimes it so happens, that the efforts of the society and its contribution, get wiped from our collective memory .
he himself started travelling to this village, to instill faith and give a new lease of life to governmental organizations he encouraged the officials to visit .
annex 22 .
name mrsunil skarunathilaka .
marks have become all important .
the constitution of india, which we feel so very proud of, bears an indelible stamp of his able leadership .
i received a lot of photographs out of which, selected photographs are compiled and uploaded on the narendramodiapp .
boc housing project .
alongwith being it professional, your love for sanskrit has gladdened me .
granting aid for self employment .
in the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, almost 65 thousand crore rupees have deposited in banks by our underprivileged brethren .
i agree that whatever you have put forth is valid .
in 2015,45 social integration programmes parallel to social integration week with the contribution of language societies were implemented .
my dear countrymen, it has been told in our epics , , it means o, lord, peace should prevail all around in all three lokas,in water, in air, in space, in fire, in wind, in medicines, in vegetation, in gardens, in sub conscious, in the whole creation .
other charges clients .
this cowardly act has shocked the entire nation .
beyond that, these sentences serve no purpose in our lives .
those businessmen who adopt digital transactions, who develop online payment process instead of cash transactions in their trade activities will get income tax rebate .
the chairman informed that the failure of contracts so far while granting security bond by the institution had been limited up to 014 per cent even though the minimum percentage of internationally accepted tendency for failure of contracts was from 08 per cent to 1 per cent .
enhancing peace and coexistence among the people of sri lanka through training of national languages .
in addition contributions in the form of cash and kind are donated by both local and foreign donors for the implementation of the welfare activities coming under projects of the ranaviru sewa authority .
medical clinic .
all of us with all our might must try to get rid of plastics from our home and everywhere outside our houses and i know that all these campaigns will make a big splash on social media .
awarding semi scholarships for educational vocational courses .
tables, cupboards, stools and other timber furniture are produced on customer request .
that country has brought about a big revolution .
evidence indicated against the following items had not been furnished to audit .
war heroes who lost their lives including those missing .
budget expenditure as per government accounts .
people arrive there from the country and abroad .
providing transport as requested by news and program recordings, visiting locations and visiting relay centres outside colombo and providing transport for other daily duties of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation are the main functions of this unit .
buildings 6,388,934 .
such is the story of d prakash rao, living in the slums of cuttack, orissa, who gave up everything of his in order to adopt and realize the dreams of others .
surf the net to do some research on the valiant bravehearts, who have been bestowed with these honours, compose a few good lines about them and share these with your friends and companions .
provide funds and reduce unforeseen expenditure .
name mr r sugirtharajan .
the sole aim behind this step is ensuring availability of uality affordable health service to the poorest of the poor, so that a healthy prosperous india comes into being .
she has mastery in synthesizing medicines used for treatment of snake bites .
harf scholaship for technical educational course .
dear citizens, we have recently launched three schemes for the people in the cities .
premium – medical insurance scheme .
statement of director’s responsibility .
this is the only time to make something of your life .
313 action plan and the progress of the year 2012 .
sarvapalli radhakrishnan ji and the country celebrates this as teachers day .
submitted the appropriation bill to parliament on 26092014 .
this proves that cleanliness suffers from no barriers of age there are no boundaries .
i congratulate ecological protection organization, their entire team and the people of chandrapur .
subscription fees .
the corporation had not prepared an action plan for the year under review .
maintenance unit 11 .
efp support .
total liabilities .
just and just 8 .
the directors have taken the responsibility to ensure that the corporation maintains accounting records that disclose with responsible accuracy the financial position of the corporation as required by sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no 38 of 1971 and sri lanka accounting standards .
the corporation classifies its financial assets in the following categories .
mahaweli games beginning and the end of the program was live telecasted, in other days special events were telecasted .
sulagittinarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth .
provision for dividend to the government .
accordingly, the advertisements published in 2015 have been given below .
sport live programmes .
shyama prasad mukherjee contributed significantly .
poor people require pulses and some amount of oil to prepare vegetables for their food .
every inch, every brick of these museums is redolent with the fragrance of our glorious history .
recently, while holding a meeting in this regard i remembered about of lakhpat saheb gurudwara .
with this sentiment, come, lets take mann ki baat forward .
11 stocks .
“rise shine” programme .
he was a scholar, a diplomat, the president of india and yet, quintessentially a teacher .
identification and training of relevant officers technical committees on preparation of language plans .
i had met tomy earlier too despite having faced such a tough situation .
guru gobind singh ji preached the virtues of sublime human values and at the same time, practiced them in his own life in letter spirit .
bharat maaroo and dakshaa parmar from surat, through their marriage, have made a valuable contribution in the ongoing fight against corruption and black money and set up a very inspiring example .
it is becoming self reliant .
this survey will cover a population of more than 40 crores in more than four thousand cities .
a path that could act as a beacon of inspiration not just to their contemporaries, but for generations to come .
you know how many opportunities there are today for a cashless society, for digital banking or for mobile banking .
it gives us great joy and happiness when we hear the news of festive celebration on the birth of a daughter .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the commissioner general from time to time .
another encouraging fact is that, today, there are a record 78 women members of parliament .
a the professional program on the indigenous medicine for fractures and dislocations .
evaluation line ministry .
improving the infrastructure facilities of 2 villages located in haputhale where the plantation people reside .
we do organic farming in our fields and also guide a lot of others regarding it .
it is natural that if something of this sort happens in the land of mahatma and sardar patel, then the nation is definitely shocked and hurt .
anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here i am, engaging you in matters close to my heart .
our efforts and our trust were fortified by our divyaang brothers and sisters when they returned with 4 medals from the paralympics .
under the task of providing necessary inputs for making translation work efficient,a sinhalatamil autotranslation software is now being prepared in collaboration with the university of moratuwa .
i hope that all the youngsters who have not been registered in the voters list yet, get themselves registered and must vote too .
dividend declared to government 25 .
facilitating initiatives for social cohesion and transformation project assists the government of sri lanka by supporting the development and implementation of a policy framework for social integration and inclusive citizen participation among state and civil society activists .
ranaviru rimem benivo project operating expenses .
i have the opportunity to be amongst you to share my mann ki baat once again .
madurai chinna pillai is the same person who at first tried to empower the downtrodden and the exploited through the kalanjiyam movement in tamil nadu and initiated community based micro financing .
spoken sinhalatamil language training courses under language circles national programme .
there in september they will get an opportunity to witness the moment when chandrayaan would be landing on the surface of the moon .
acquired or produced foreign filmssoap operas .
unity in diversity is the strength of our country .
a thought comes to my mind, that in order to promote tourism in india what could be the seven best tourist destinations in your state every indian must know about these seven tourist spots of his state if possible, one must visit these seven places .
my dear countrymen, we must take our fight against black money and corruption to the next level .
there are times when some of your words act as a catalyst in sharpening my thought process .
in was launched a few months after our government was formed .
and now, i will be going there with these scholars, this gives me immense happiness .
when the mortal remains of martyr vijay soren, draped in the tricolor reached gumla, jharkhand, his innocent son iterated that he too would join the armed forces .
printed media notices .
actions had been taken by considering the rewards paid as one off payment, but in the cases of payment in several instances, those had not been accumulated and the final amount of tax that should be charged had not been computed .
we keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people .
grand total .
festival activitis of computer center .
the more you progress, the more will the country progress .
amount of expenditure for donor funded scholarships .
to commemorate christmas .
we take pride in the fact that the satellites developed by our students and sounding rockets have reached space .
in karnataka, especially in faroff, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services .
in that programme on artificial intelligence, i urged the scientific community to deliberate on how artificial intelligence could help us make life easier for our divyang brothers sisters .
the objective of the programme is enhancing the efficiency of the public service by improving the second language competency of the public officers .
that had not been paid even up to 30 september 2013 .
it is mentioned in anushasan parv in mahabharata that a tree is like an offspring and becomes means of salvation in after life, sonal has not only taken it upon herself to fulfill her parents wishes but societys expectations also .
modernization of institutional environment .
indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war .
to the extent that women actively took part in battles .
21st june 2017 yoga has permeated the entire world .
this change brought about two important changes in indias politics .
it happened this time .
and that is why, in our society, women have been accorded the status of shakti .
i am grateful to all india radio also which not only broadcast my views but also put in their best efforts to transmit it in all languages .
equipments for the disabled 2011 .
greetings from my end for a merry christmas to all indians and i also wish you all a happy new year .
through telephone approximately 07 .
824 procurement of equipment for language labs of department of official languages and national institute of language education and training .
i wish that all your dreams and resolves get fulfilled in every possible way .
implementation of budget 2014 and expenditure management .
following products or parts of the products can also be powder coated .
thursday, 31 august 2017 .
we shall carry forward this struggle to free our country from the evils of corruption and black money .
the value of the following constructions shown under the “workinprogress’ from the year 2011 remained unchanged even by 31 december 2012 .
he has been successful in bringing together around 51 lakh children from 5556 thousand schools of andhra and telangana to this mission .
total amount .
“merry christmas” – special christmas music program .
now ranking of cities will be done on the basis of this survey if your city has a population of more than one lakh, ranking will be done on the national level and if the population of your city is less than one lakh than it will be ranked on regional level .
purchase of copyproductiontv right .
presently, more than three thousand jan aushadhi kendras have been opened across the country and more than eight hundred medicines are being made available there at an affordable price .
under the gobardhan scheme our farmer brothers sisters in rural india will be encouraged to consider dung and other waste not just as a waste but as a source of income .
tomiyai kitiyai animated programme .
similarly, innovations are directly connected to incubation centres .
new year in japan new year celebration of the sri lankan people living in japan .
university of vavuniya .
and immediately after that, our troops flew to kashmir weve seen how our army was successful .
for now, we will stick to the one month program only .
once they understand why they should fill the pots with water they would go and inspect 10 times in a day to ensure there is water in the tray .
circular no .
on my visit to kranti mandir, red fort, as i was reflecting on memories of netaji, his family members gifted me a special cap .
the new and the final phase of facilitation project on social transformation and integration which was to be completed in mid march 2017, commenced in january 2014 .
the tamil program unit caters to tamil speaking viewers of the country, focusing on tamil language programs .
come together on sundaysand holidays .
i would like to say today that of the feedback of this programme, one of the points that touches my heart most is when people tell me that when we sit with all our family members to listen to mann ki baat, we feel that the head of our family is sitting with us and sharing his ideas with us .
i hope every indian being will swell with pride on this remarkable feat of mother india .
what exactly should we do in order to ensure a change in our lives, simultaneously contributing our bit in taking our country society forward .
various training courses conducted by the national institute of language education and training in the year 2015 .
new india is the clarion call of 125 crore countrymen .
for me, 5th september was teachers day as well as an education day .
in the coming october month, from 1st october to 15th october, drinking water and sanitation department, panchayati raj department and rural development department these three are going to work under a designated roadmap in their respective areas .
anemia during or after pregnancy, pregnancy related infections, high bp, any such complication can have devastating effect .
report of the auditor general on the financial statements of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation for the year ended 31 december 2012 in terms of section 14 2 c of the finance act no 38 of 1971 .
there is more likelihood of the government being a catalytic agent of change if it is better connected to the society .
with reference to the social schemes related to financial inclusion, my question to you is in the backdrop of the jan dhanyojna launched in 2014, can you say that, do the statistics show thattoday, three years later, india is financially more secure and stronger, and whether this empowerment and benefits have percolated down to our women, farmers and workers, in villages and small towns .
but, dear harshvardhan, i shall also like to add that the anger in the hearts of our countrymen is of a very high value .
my dear countrymen, tomorrow, that is the 1st of may, carries one more significance .
spectators welcomed his reflections with warmth and fervor .
i congratulate the people of akola, the district and the municipal corporations administration, all the citizens who were associated with this mass movement, i laud your efforts which are not only very much appreciated but this will inspire the other citizens of the country .
the concept of cleanliness is being echoed in every household .
my dear countrymen .
unfortunately, over the decades we have slipped from there to the lowest rungs .
with the objective of building social integration , events related to social integration are held with the collaboration of other institutions or financing them are done by our ministry .
bhavesh deka from guwahati has written to me on the northeast related issues and problems .
three wheelers .
unlawfully position of distilled spirits less than 04 ltrs .
you can contribute to the site .
i am happy that out of the 66 lakh recipients 24 lakh were women .
plant equipment .
attend to copa .
this very month, 20 year old vedangi kulkarni from pune became the fastest asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle .
deputy works manager .
91 days .
financial assistance for homes for children and elders .
i have tried to draw these rules for myself, but i dont know whether ill be able to stick to them .
the expression of the significance of cleanliness in our lives is intrinsic to this festival .
this proves that if we accord priority to safety, we can actually attain safety .
if youll start paying attention to it, you will see that there is no need to do anything extraordinary .
the unity, intrinsic to our countrys diversity can be witnessed in these games .
all states and union territories have been requested to celebrate the occasion in a grand manner .
advance accounts activities .
if you try to sympathise with the sufferings of others with a sense of service, a new selfconfidence will be born within you .
manual for famous temples and guideline books for hindu temples .
we can witness how closely our festivals are interlinked with nature .
you have brought glory to the nation .
providing marketing facilities for new designs .
15th of december is the death anniversary of sardar vallabh bhai patel .
it is human nature that no matter how many perils people face, when they hear a good news from any corner, they feel as if the entire crisis is over .
my dear brothers sisters, we celebrated infantry day yesterday .
even though the centre had prepared and presented a procurement plan for the year 2012, that had not been prepared based on the action plan of the centre in terms of the national budget circular .
time taken for converting the manufactured stocks to sales had increased from 77 days to 90 days .
if you will have faith in these things, then marks will automatically follow you and you will never have to chase marks .
if we leave the treatment halfway due to improvement in our condition, we are only helping that bacteria getting more sturdy and difficult to treat .
i requested the people to buy khadi and to do their bit .
this letter is special in many ways .
deyata kirula .
the world today is undergoing a plethora of problems such as violence, war, annihilation, the arms race et al .
there cannot be a bigger example of compassion than this .
but, my countrymen, i liked this initiative taken by a newspaper that helped these letters reach me and i got an opportunity to go through these .
1 january 2011 .
all of you know that this day comes just once in four years .
6 preventing activities detrimental to the ranaviru name .
accordingly, this workshop was held on 08102015 at central bank auditorium “center for banking studies”, rajagiriya .
b transactions and balances .
like every year, this diwali too, i had gone to the border, to the china border, to celebrate the occasion with our soldiers, our jawans .
the sounding rockets made by odisha university students have also created many records .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, a dgp conference was held at kevdia on the banks of narbada in gujarat, where the world's highest statue 'statue of unity' is situated, there i had a meaningful discussion with the top policemen of the country .
anshul sharma, resident of himachal pradesh has written on mygov that i should talk about examinations and exam warriors .
for most people exam means pressure .
311 registration of practitioners .
first one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15 of the total seats in the state assembly .
01 national languages development programme .
the responsibility is to provide guidance over the disposal system by covering the office staff on obligatory instructions for a government corporation in the act 48 of 1973 and arranging the list of disposal documents accordingly .
they took up every small cause and made it their own and tried to contribute to the welfare of the country .
for farmers, the season just before onset of farming is of utmost importance .
language training programmes for the general public .
3deyata kirula .
completed projects .
rehabilitation of hindu temples north east .
what i mean to say is, given this rising popular interest in football and the opportunity of hosting fifa under17 world cup, shall we just play the role of a host and fulfil our responsibility or will we use the opportunity to our advantage to promote sports .
compensation for court cases .
alakamandawa – this is a programme, which reveals autobiographies of artists, who have contributed immensely to the field of art .
and see how this initiative from india became a big source of motivation for other countries too .
a few days ago, under the clean ganga campaign, a group from the bsf scaled the everest and while returning, removed loads of trash littered there and brought it down .
far south, the people are engrossed in onam festivities and yesterday the entire nation celebrated the holy festival of raksha bandhan .
she lost her father at a very young age, and her brother and mother encouraged the talent and skills of sonali .
qualifying payments .
when compared to the mileage of last year, this year shows a duduction of 79145 km .
there was a time when the children in the family went out to play, the mother would first ask, when will you come back home .
unlike before, they dont want to go to the same old places or tread the oft beaten track they want to do something new, see something new .
people of prayagraj are also very enthusiastic about the kumbh .
cheques valued rupees one lakh for each temple were provided to 363 hindu temples through divisional secretaries for the rehabilitation in northern and eastern provinces .
26122014 152 ii guidelines for provisions of relief to the public in an emergency disaster situation and restoration of damaged areas .
starting today this scheme will continue for the next 100 days .
in 2009 it was able to buy a permanent building on galle road , near bambalapitiya, the modification of that building to suit to an office with more upper floors was started in 2010 .
i inaugrated the integrated command control center at the kumbh which will be of great benefit to the devotees .
workshop parliamentary briefing on sustainable immunization financing .
our womens hockey team qualified for the olympic games after a space of 36 long years .
whenever we talk about nature and wildlife, we only talk about conservation .
16 year old player tabaabi devi hails from a village in manipur .
827 programme on representation of younger society in bringing about change in the process of social integration .
deyata kirula – exhibition .
one of the main programmes of the social integration week was the conducting of the year 5 scholarship program, aimed at empowering school children gain access to education as one of the seven elements of social integration .
parents also raise their children in a very protective manner .
another issue which comes up is this why are rules changed time and again .
united nations has resolved to provide universal health coverage for all by 2030 .
i appeal to all the sarpanchs and village heads to take a lead in this campaign in their respective panchayats .
6 kosgama .
and precisely for that, the country sacrificed one full election, not for her own sake, but for the sake of protecting democracy .
use of these tools will enhance the opportunity of delivering the general public the bilingual services .
this is a country where both theists and atheists idolaters and those loathing idolworship coexist .
the bio diversity of both the nations is similar .
these financial statements were authorized for issue by board of directors on 2nd april 2013 .
in particular, our farmer brethren have to bear a lot of losses because of the damage to their crops and fields therefore, we have formulated a scheme for the insurance companies, especially crop insurance companies, to make them more proactive, to ensure quick settlements of claims for farmers .
coincidentally, i am fortunate today to be in auroville, the land, the karmabhoomi of maharshi arvind .
06setting up of trilingual sign boards at district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
from 09 districts namely jaffna, kilinochchi, batticaloa, galle, badulla, vavuniya and ratnapura 14 programmes were conducted .
we should feel indias diversity, touch it, feel its fragrance .
its possible that many poets would have written poems, some may be planning to write, some may even compose their verses into songs, in all languages but here i would like to share with you the poem sent by suraj ji .
4 keragala .
for the preparation of paper advertisement .
magistrate court .
world children’s day .
we need to change this mindset .
many of our festivals are linked straightaway with farmers and fishermen .
my dear countrymen, i will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of mann ki baat .
c staff loans control .
health clinics held in 2011 .
two types of waste bins will be available, one would be of green colour and the other blue .
number of days of debtors turnover .
the popular documentary programme of the year .
and a mahakumbh of national integrationmay this kumbh of the devotees also become mahakumbh of global tourists .
and this is a great process in democracy .
determination of limits for the commercial, stores and public officer’s advance accounts in consultation with the spending agencies and consideration of the requests for revision of limits .
dengue first enters affluent localities and we should try and understand it .
sale of magazine .
in fact, preparationsfor festivals always begin with cleaning .
i would again like to congratulate all the people associated with this initiative and i would like to request the poor brethren who have opened an account to never severe this relationship .
actually, this month, the world childrens winners games were held in moscow .
can 125 crore countrymen resolve to undertake 2500 crores digital transactions during this year .
there should not be a single schoolcollege ground in india where we will not see our youngsters at play .
can we not, drawing inspiration from this years world health day and its theme, do something to defeat diabetes in our personal life .
poson poya day live telecast .
buddha sasana and religious affairs .
there is continuous news of natural calamities from various parts of the world .
ntv unit .
in utterances of yours, in your experiences, in the examples that you quote, there exists immense inspiration, unfathomable energy, unparalleled warmth a resolve to bring about something new for the country .
i do hope that you will pay a visit to the national soldiers memorial and the national police memorial .
name mr rhnnranasingha .
sumathi tele awards, .
avururdu teledrama – 01, .
name mrbketheswaran .
people of the state are full of warmth .
thimilai kannaki amman temple kumbhabisheka festival, chillaw .
i have always said that people who visit porbandar, the birthplace of mahatma gandhi, can also see there the underground tanks constructed about 200 years ago, that were built to save rain water .
many messages and other expression forms have been received on sandesh to soldiers hashtag .
62 12 day nonresidential tamil language training courses for public officers .
a group of 54 officers belonging to institutions affiliated to the ministry and field officers was identified and given technical training on preparation of language plans under two programmes on training of trainers .
the practice of yoga leads to germination of a sense of forgiveness in the same manner as a mother has for her children and mental peace becomes our permanent friend .
we are wasting them .
financial planning and budgeting .
most of the staff officers of this department have served as directors treasury representatives on the boards of directors of statutory boards, public corporations and government owned companies gocs, while some officers have served as members of cabinet appointed tender boards catbs, and technical evaluation committees tecs representing the secretary to the treasury in these committees .
best apparel design .
name hon shan wijayalal de silva .
he accorded the highest significance to the spirit of service .
in addition, the national budget department was responsible in releasing the funds timely for the projects and programmes approved by the cabinet ensuring their smooth implementation .
kegalle zone .
just imagine, what will happen if there is no fertile soil in the world .
the indian diaspora was infused with new confidence .
mukherjee's dream was for india to be industrially selfreliant, competent and prosperous in every sphere .
presented the budget to the parliament second reading on 24102014 .
the strengthening of law, access to justice and social integration .
he used to preach that strength cannot be demonstrated by fighting against the weaker sections .
northern provincial centre .
financial progress of the language division .
the junior hockey team lifted the world cup .
to me, diwali brought a special experience .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, officer abhilash tomy of our navy was struggling between life and death .
my heartfelt greetings and congratulations to the team at kannur station of akashwani centre for their efforts .
my dear countrymen, a few months ago, i was in dandi .
language training programmes for army officers .
rio is going to resound in our ears time and again .
annual accounts for the years from 2000 to 2011 had not been tabled in parliament .
the ranaviru sewa authority had a stall at the deyata kirula exhibition grounds at buttala held from 4th to 9th february to communicate to the people the government’s development drive with the participation of all government organizations and the private sector .
keeping your resolve in mind, with confidence in yourself, set out for your exams my best wishes to your .
denuwara zone .
16 conclusion .
that is why, i specially urge our worker brothers and sisters to participate in this scheme because after all i took such a momentous decision for the benefit of the poor people, the farmers, the workers, the deprived and the suffering people of the country and, hence, these benefits must reach them .
entertainment sundry expenses .
even though the centre had prepared an action plan for the year under review, it had failed to achieve the expected objectives .
organized the participation of the wives of war heroes for the indonesian cultural show held on 07092011 at bmich .
sinhala hindu new year programme .
my good wishes again to all my dear countrymen jai hind .
during the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management .
access to education is one of the goals of the policy of social integration .
35 inventories .
i got an opportunity to speak to them at length .
but its a misfortune that these tales of valour and sacrifice did not reach the new generations .
official address zonal education office, kalegana, galle .
for centuries, our forefathers have imbibed community values, nonviolence, mutual respect these are inherent to us .
he used to say that all these khadi clothes have been woven after putting in a hard labour, every thread of these clothes must be utilized .
when the government used railways to transport water to latur, it became news for the world .
noncompliances with the following laws, rules, regulations and management decisions were revealed .
825 am to 525 pm – hourly news .
in many cities, many ngos run by young friends have formed start ups for this endeavor .
in these 3 days event, every day 200 public including university students, school students and interested public on hindu religion participated and benefitted .
she has vowed to send her only son to join the crpf .
it is good for the environment and i enjoy my youth too .
facilitating projects for social transformation and cohesion .
effecting a positive mentality among the general public of sri lanka in relation to propagation and promotion of language .
acquired or produced local teledramas and films .
seven thousand workers under mnrega worked very hard for seventy days and finally succeeded in reviving kuttumperoor river there .
maho zone .
when we witness new technology, or a new scientific feat, we are left overwhelmed with joy .
covering 30 to 40 homes everyday, spreading the message of cleanliness, this boy transformed the village into open defecation free .
central province .
certificates awarding ceremony was conducted under the chairmanship of mrsshanthi navukarasan, director of the department on 21062014 at gurukulam, jaffna and on 20062014 at conference hall of the department, colombo .
india has always been resolutely committed to peace .
i the accuracy of the balance of stocks shown in the balance sheet as at 31 december 2012 could not be established as the stock books had not been maintained externally from the stores .
this grand achievement is a big boon for animals, birds, farmers, crops and villages .
commercial promotional expenses 25 .
lets see whether i succeed or not .
my dear countrymen, you update yourselves with the busy schedule of the prime minister of the country through newspapers and television, you even discuss the engagements .
name mr wr weerakoon .
b extension of service period of the staff recruited on contract basis had not been done according to the proper procedure .
when the opponents keep on trying out new tactics, we have to counteract decisively, since we have resolved to eradicate the corrupt, shady businesses and black money .
they are moving ahead shoulder to shoulder and are bringing glory to the nation with their commendable achievements .
05102011kilinochchi army camp .
plant,machinery other office equipment .
this is to aid those who are incapable of speech to converse normally like any other person .
may all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you .
conducting research and seminars on language usage and technology .
the month of january is the period of the northward movement of the earth on the celestial orbit around sun and in this month makarsankranti is also celebrated .
she was so impressed by swami vivekanand that she renounced her happy prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor .
decrease increase .
in addition the following activities were also under took in ranaviru villages .
9 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the mapalagama ranaviru village .
preparation of cost estimates of noncommercial statutory boards funded by the consolidated fund .
whatever capabilities you posses, use these to mentor your children, and, howsoever occupied you might be, spare time for them, be with them .
3 this includes the providing of live linking facilities for air force cycle race 2012 from 15 locations for 03 days including the start and finish .
they will talk to the people there and gather their reactions .
the festivals of vasant panchami, mahashivratri and holi, impart hues of happiness to a persons life .
how would society be a thousand years ago .
number of loans targeted for 2011 20 .
ascertaining the reliability of the accounting and other reports and checking if the recognized accounting methods employed provide the information necessary for the preparation of correct financial statements .
people generally talk of a communication gap between the elders and teenagers in the family .
government of india has also chalked out an annual calendar for its departments .
i specially want to talk to our young friends today .
130 pm to 145 pm diva puwath .
i am sure that this resolve that has arisen in the younger generation, in children, in students, in the youth, augurs well for achieving good results .
in the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards .
percentage of achievement .
this year, on the 2nd of october, when we celebrate bapus 150th birth anniversary, we shall not only dedicate to him an india that is open defecation free, but also shall lay the foundation of a new revolution against plastic, by people themselves, throughout the country .
sometimes i feel that we should publicly announce that today on this route of the railways there will be no ticket checker .
war hero's .
b the criteria adopted in deciding on the price per film purchased by the corporation under the contra agreements had not been furnished to audit as such those could not be satisfactorily vouched .
in the year 2012, the sinhala hindu new year event was held covering 09 provinces the entire island and it included cycling, avurudu kumari contest and elle as well .
and whats the meaning of connecting with nature .
the scheduling unit has scheduled 389,879 commercials during 2012 .
financial assistance for hindu temples under recurrent expenditure .
apuru iskole mahattaya .
we should also gradually make it our nature to set our work patterns according to the weather predictions, which could safeguard us against losses .
see by year .
our land has been an engineering laboratory .
every one rushes and that seems to be one reason for corruption at the lower levels .
many questions were being raised but i am happy to tell you that all the units of the government and all the banks put in tremendous effort and as per my knowledge till date close to 18 crore people have opened their bank accounts, 17 crore 74 lakh to be precise .
but if we, 125 crore indians, decide that we have to give importance to our tourism sector, we can attract the world .
ii out of the petty cash imprest amounting to retained during the year under review, a balance exceeding had been retained continuously as cash in hand .
this match will remain etched in our memories for a long time .
jayachandran passed away in chennai .
let us take forward the mantra of unity .
i firmly believe that the dream of our new india will be realized through the skill fortitude of these energetic youth .
even today, his words guide us in setting up the standards and determining the direction that our nation must follow .
twenty two thousand rural haats in the country will be upgraded by creating the necessary infrastructure and these will be integrated with apmc and enam platform so that the farmers would not have to go to distant places for selling their produce .
normally it is one or two children in a home due to appear at their exams, but the entire family feels the burden of it .
forts are symbols of our heritage .
we will not have to secure our gold now we will not have to worry about where to put the gold and no one will come to steal the papers .
a successful effort has been made in parsi village to create awareness along with infrastructure and organizational development .
and when holidays come in the shape of diwali and allied festivals, people do travel and that's why i urge you to visit any 15 such places in india .
and as a citizen we surely have a bad experience with a government official in our lifetime .
i told people that we are celebrating gandhijis birth anniversary on 2nd october .
10 preperation of results sheets .
33 identified losses .
1 kantale .
a few days ago the ambassadors of many countries witnessed for themselves the preparations for kumbh .
250 public in vavuniya, 175 public in kilinochchi and 175 public in mullaitivu including al students and teachers participated in these seminars .
british council has been selected by the undp to implement the programme on youth are the representatives of bringing about changes in social integration and transformation .
in many parts of the world, it is observed as labour day .
their number was decreasing .
the scholarships categories .
summary of the programmes conducted in 2015 .
the photo showed that a grandson was participating in the 'clean morna river' along with his grandfather .
in our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces .
also this unit has the responsibility to keep the premises clean with the assistance of bmes institute .
vi housing assistance project .
date and place .
classes commenced in 2015 .
these awards also attract attention in newspapers and television also .
50 navarathri poojas were conducted at district level from 24th sep to 03rd october in 19 districts namely jaffna, batticaloa, kandy, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, mullaitivu, ampara, matale, badulla, puttalam, trincomalee, matara, ratnapura, kaluthara, polonnaruwa, colombo, galle, gampaha, and vavuniya .
but india plays the largest role in training the youth of the african countries .
and not just yourself your city, village, neighbourhood, school, college, men, women, everyone should make an attempt to connect with yog .
but, the picture of new india is altogether different .
i specially want to suggest a scheme to my young friends who are currently technology savvy .
most of the ranaviru children presently belong to the lower age group and they enter the higher classes at the time of retirement of the war hero after completion of his service period of 12 or 22 years .
a a sum of paid to construction service providers during the year under review as encashment of security bonds had been written off against the profit for the year under review instead of being debited to the debtors account in order to recover it from the contractors .
a kind of a pressure has been created in public places and now people resist if someone tries to spoil or to make a public place dirty in any way and even those spoiling public places are also feeling this pressure .
in this mahayagya, grand undertaking, the municipal corporation, voluntary bodies, school college students, the people of jabalpur in fact everyone participated with enthusiasm est .
043 fund management account .
he wrote, i like listening to the programme mann ki baat .
the following are given high priority among the matters considered first in planning the programmes of the language unit .
hindu cultural assistant .
the main reason for the popularity of the ‘nana mihira paper sets’ was that airing the nana mihira programme coincide with the gr 5 scholarship .
the key function of this unit is producing documentary programmes .
other sources of income recognized in the income statement are given as a note to the income statement .
administration of anaipanthi gurukula building, jaffna .
the corporation prepares its financial statements in accordance with the sri lanka accounting standards ‘slfrs’ issued by the institute of charted accountants of sri lanka and the requirements of sri lanka and the requirements of sri lanka accounting and auditing standards act no 19 of 1995 .
and, i also request all citizens of the country who have interest in this matter to mail their suggestions on narendramodiapp .
whereas february and march get consumed in exams, papers and answers, april may are meant for enjoying vacations, followed by results and thereafter, shaping a course for ones life through career choices .
i congratulate the government of meghalaya .
annex 53 .
because even the british who raised a mighty empire used to be terrified of him .
24 sinhala classes, 24 english classes in jaffna district and 41 sinhala classes, 24 english classes in batticaloa district have been conducted .
let us build an empowered, capable new india .
for a healthy society, and for lofty democratic values i feel that, it is a very hope inspiring event .
it was in south africa, where mahatma gandhi had started his first satyagraha and stood rock steady in protest of apartheid .
his journeys to the south took him to sri lanka, as well .
the finance act no38 of 1971 and the sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no6 of 1982 require the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year giving a true and fair view of the state of affairs of sri lanka rupavahini corporation hereinafter referred to as the “corporation” .
the guiding mantra is the welfare of the villages and the poor farmers .
badulla zone .
most of the suggestions or practices to beat summer are not new but are prevalent for a long time, however it is very useful to remember them from time to time .
i pay my respectful homage to sardar saheb .
license to manufacture malt liquor .
sinhala hindu new year .
expected target for the year 2012 .
this included both capital and recurrent expenditure namely, salaries and wages, welfare, operational expenses such as electricity, water, stationery fuel, diet, uniforms and the expenditure related to development programmes .
light equipment fault repairs .
while we are talking of the month of sawan, you will be glad to learn that the number of pilgrims in the amarnath yatra this year has been the greatest in the past 4 years .
in fact, this is the new india which we are all collectively building .
16 august 2017 .
our society must recognize such daughters, honor them and feel proud of them .
i got a lot of new information .
timber gates are made out of kubuk wood, .
these two were the fundamental points .
06 foods obtained from the army .
he started his own show from germany and he would constantly update the indian citizens about the independence movement through radio .
my dear countrymen, as prime minister, there are numerous tasks to be handled .
sub programmes operative under this project .
do not keep your gold in your homes .
your youthpower is really inspiring for any young person .
the notes on pages 6 to 41 are from an integral part of these financial statements .
initial work has been commenced .
single counseling support was extended to the war heroes and members of their families who sought such a service regarding their mental and family problems and we rereferred to the psychosocial division during the year .
theyve expressed their concern on the availability of water for birds animals .
every morning, first of all, people look for newspapers, television, news and social media to check indian players winning medals .
03 problems encountered by the staff due to inadequacy of space in the office .
i respectfully pay my homage to revered pandit deen dayal upadhyay, who has been a source of inspiration to all of us, and an embodiment of our intellectual heritage .
my dear countrymen, the rather long wait after independence for a war memorial is about to be over .
this is one subject that inspires us to look into our dignified past and our ancient traditions, today, the whole world and specially the western countries are discussing about environment protection and are trying to find new ways to adopt a balanced life style .
there are several ethnic groups based on race, caste, religious beliefs, cultural background and gender living in the society .
3 galnewa .
to make family members of war heroes a group bringing with selfconfidence and skills by making an attitudinal change in them .
b committee on establishing data bases related to indigenous traditional knowledge .
we will have to repeatedly remind ourselves of good inspirational incidents .
annex 31 .
you might have seen that a cleanliness survey campaign is also carried out these days .
once i had the opportunity of talking to farmers involved in banana cultivation .
i know that these habits do not change overnight, and when we talk about it, we invite criticism .
if you pose a question to them, they will reply to it they will explain things to you .
the ranaviru sewa authority also focuses on improving skills and education of ranaviru children .
2 granting funds for the construction of community hall building at welawaya ranaviru village .
225 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations and management decisions .
number of applications issued in 2011 20 .
and when it comes to the practice of humanity, they appear two steps ahead .
our team .
bhagwan birsa munda took on the might of the guns cannons of the british, using traditional bows and arrows, to shake them apart .
whatever post he held in his life, he always tried to live like a teacher, an educator .
gampaha district committee meeting on 29092011 .
amadam sisilasa .
i shall also tell the security forces that all our capabilities, power, laws, rules and regulations are basically meant to maintain law and order in order to provide a life of peace and happiness for the common people of kashmir .
there in the golden temple itself, they undertook a holy darshan, commemorating the 550th prakash parv of guru nanak devji .
you must be wondering about spending your holidays .
this is 2017 .
cash and cash equivalents at end of period .
official address zonal education office, chawakatchcheri .
they have decided to give up cultivation of those crops that require a lot of water, like sugarcane and banana .
the financial statements are presented in sri lankan rupees, which is the corporation’s functional currency .
please bless us like a mother and may your blessings continue on to be showered upon us .
you can send in your suggestions through mygov, letters to radio or write letters to the pms office .
accrual donation housing .
my dear countrymen, im referring to the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
with effect from 25th of april 2010, this ministry was renamed as the ministry of national languages and social integration and functioned under the ministry concerned .
all around, there is a deluge of strong feelings of sympathy for the martyrs their family members .
they can also be sent to various districts as swachchha bharat fellows .
maintenance of physical resources including building and vehicles .
you can imagine how this period must have made one feel .
the profitability of those in the 05 preceding years had been as follows .
at this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events .
north east is one region that has made grand progress in organic farming .
indias art culture has been portrayed here in a very attractive way .
and that too, a khadi handkerchief, so that it promotes khadi .
now you must be thinking that we are discussing art and here im talking about seeing gurudev tagore's excellent works of art .
public addressing system charges rental .
he was a worshipper of both weapons or shashtra and knowledge or shaashtras .
many players like aditi ashok, dattu bhokanal, atanu das gave a very good performance .
everybody makes plans for their summer holidays .
by strengthening the institutional capabilities of planning in the relevant field, the programs focus on the recommendations of the lessons learned and reconciliation commission as well as the government's ability to implement the national policy framework for social integration .
this is a fulfilment of the corporation’s objective for children’s programs in 2013 .
modi ji yes .
i was really impressed with the prowess of that divyang young man .
payment of installments to 16 beneficiaries was completed .
this time, after watching the republic day parade, many people wrote on twitter and other social media that a major highlight of the parade was the bsf biker contingent comprising women participants .
this is a set of steps taken by the government to mobilize local and foreign institutions without acquiring foreign aids to uplift the life style of daduru oya people who were suffering due to illiteracy and poverty .
what should be the slogan, mantra or a catchphrase .
parents in most parts of the country must be busy with their childrens examinations .
all sorts of experiments are being carried out in every family .
it was such a striking photo that my attention was magnetically drawn towards it .
gamunu regiment school, diyatalawa .
this monsoon session of parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare .
every indian, irrespective of region, caste, religion, sect or language, is ever eager to express joy and show solidarity with our soldiers .
annual report 2006 .
we have to further fortify that legacy .
in times when viewers were inclined to raise questions about the quality of the present day’s mega teledramas, this unit was able to introduce a novel concept to mega teledramas with the production of “isiwara ranakeli” which is a long running teledrama, whichin turn, this captured the attention of a vast number of viewers and proved to be a turning point in the mega teledrama culture .
in the month of october last year, i was blessed with the opportunity to dedicate the national police memorial to the nation .
but i was happier to know that they do all this for their campaign team india vision for tribals .
no of winners .
you know, abhilash tomy is a very courageous, brave soldier .
abhimansala suwa sewa nikethana,anuradhapura .
i urge you to participate in run for unity, the festival of mutual harmony .
just think twohundreddays of continuous labour .
not just that, he also established world renowned institutions and industries such as tata steel .
his cab passengers too contributed largeheartedly .
if i exclusively speak about them, perhaps ill require a few months to respond to them in some way or the other .
amidst the rigours of the election, speculations on victory or defeat, before the polling was yet to start i undertook the journey .
my most sincere and heartfelt tributes to malviyaji on his birth anniversary .
the officers participating in the classes should continuously attend the classes for 12 days and on completion of the course, certificates are awarded based on the result of a written and oral test .
supplied furniture to music unit .
payments were made for many officers on the basis on being on duty throughout the year without obtaining leave, which is an unrealistic .
total no of recruited .
savings account bank of ceylon .
many a time we see them telling elders not to litter on the roads .
yogesh saini is an engineer who left his job in america and returned to serve mother india .
the enforcement of the excise ordinance and the tobacco tax act .
this is the very bond that i used to miss .
india has a golden history in hockey .
get away from technology, and try to spend some time with yourself .
accommodation premises .
name mrjsdm asanka abeywaedena .
at an altitude of 15,000 feet, it is located in the lahaul spiti region of himachal pradesh .
we shall have to continuously keep on repeating this thing .
before the advent of chatth, people come together to clean up their homes, and along with that cleansing of rivers, lakes, pond banks and pooja locations, that is ghats, with utmost enthusiasm fervour .
some students might have joined their respective colleges and some must be about to join .
those who make purchases of more than three thousand rupees will not be entitled to rewards under this scheme .
maximum limit of debit balances .
this is why we are introducing it in the market and it will be available for the citizens in the coming week, before dhanteras 5gm and 10gm of gold coins with ashok chakra are being introduced .
he also believed that poverty cannot be ameliorated by mere distribution of capital among the impoverished .
11 qualified audit opinion .
in the dictionary, the etymology of the word juggernaut traces its roots to the chariot of lord jagannath .
i came to know that yogesh saini his team played a stellar role in it .
it becomes a source of the economic activities for even the poor sections of the society .
02 minimizing the need of obtaining loans as applicants are receiving sufficient financial assistance for surgeries .
building structures .
the reasons mainly attributed for the increase of the financial results are given below .
it will also be observed whether the cities have created a system wherein cleanliness of cities will became public habit, or the citys habit for that matter .
number of general public participated .
03housing loan programme for those presently in the service .
come, let us look anew at india which swami vivekananda had seen and let us put in practice the inherent strength of india realized by swami vivekananda .
most people believe that the greatest contribution of mann ki baat has been the enhancement of a feeling of positivity in our society .
i congratulate these daredevils, especially the daughters from the core of my heart .
if someone refers to sanitation and cleanliness, he or she invariably voices angst against filth dirt, but on the same page appreciates efforts being under way to ensure cleanliness .
this was the very month, the month of may 1857, when indians had displayed their strength against the british .
every monday, a time period of 02 hours has been allocated for the programmes ‘vedikava’ and ‘haraskada’ .
the unutilized money of the fund had been brought forward from year to year as treasury deposits .
9 to conduct national ranaviru remembrance ceremonies reflecting our undying gratitude for the utmost services rendered by the war heroes and to add the names of war heroes of our era to the history of our country .
sri katpakappillaiyar temple, thelpethatha, badulla .
i tell you, water is philosopher's stone and its mere touch creates and regenerates life .
scholarships to students who passed the year 5 scholarship examination .
i have announced setting up of a committee .
promoting the virtues of cleanliness, this little lad has done inspiring work .
i wish people spread all over the world who revere lord buddha and believe in the principles of compassion i wish all of them an auspicious buddha purnima .
your inquisitiveness regarding space, indias space mission, science and technology will be the salient features of this uiz competition .
but, only a few people would know that it was only through his farsightedness that sardar saheb envisioned the creation of a cooperative milk producers union in khera district, which was at that time called kaira district .
in order to empower the public officers in the two official languages, island wide parttime language training programmes are implemented by the national institute of language education and training .
annex 04 .
we experience this in all walks of life .
charges for the year 2012 .
prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during ramzan .
but a phone call from a gentleman from punjab and his pain touched me pradhan mantriji namaskar, sir, i am jasdeep speaking from punjab .
sound bite my name is meenu bhatia .
reperesenting the committee on on public enterprises cope .
a large amount of tax revenue receivable by the government had been deprived of to the government due to the separate computation of the pay as you earn tax and recovering only the relevant amount of that payment in the case of payment of rewards in several instances .
set props .
we need monsoons and we need water but we also need to stay healthy .
while the dialogue helped each member get an awareness of the religious and cultural facts of others, it also focused on the disputes taking place among religions and as to how they could be resolved .
everybody wants to understand and learn from each other .
on the way back, we stopped to buy vegetables, and again she haggled with the vendors to save 45 rupees .
whereas young school students from tamil nadu, punjab, goa are working on an important topic like waste management in their schools tinkering lab .
the news division was able to give a comprehensive coverage of the respective districts from the pre publicity to issuing of final results .
when we think of south africa, it is very natural to remember mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela .
317 cash flow statement .
today, in this episode of mann ki baat, i want to share one such thing with you .
training programmes for army officers .
821 based on the facts transpired on the evaluation of documentation needs conducted in 2013, conducting mobile services on documentation in plantation sector .
the news and current affairs division makes a great contribution continually to produce daily news, disseminating accurate information to the viewers .
headwise expenditures which were disaggregated in terms of projects and by object codes with sources of financing presented to parliament in the printed estimates along with the budget speech .
myriad competitions take place all over the country .
59 employees are attached to this unit which is managed by two transport officers .
the campaign for cleanliness which was initiated three years ago will be marking its third anniversary on the 2nd of october .
in the cricket series against england, india has triumphed 40 .
asi disi puwath, .
you must have seen for yourself that the political situation in our country is such that in the previous elections political parties made promises of giving each household 9 to 12 gas cylinders .
taking all necessary measures and implementing them to ensure the use of the languages referred to in article 18 of the constitution hereinafter referred to as the “relevant languages”in accordance with the spirit and intent of chapter iv of the constitution .
obtaining lists of names of members participating in the function from all community .
you can even shoot a film these days using your mobile phone camera .
the classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition .
many new and encouraging things came to our attention .
a section of our brave soldiers did yoga in submarines .
he was the son of a farmer .
i wish to share a very happy news with you today .
at various places in the country, exhibitions have been organised by our armed forces in order to apprise the maximum number of citizens, especially the younger generation, of the might we possess .
deputy director general production services .
agrabodhi temple kanthale kapilawasthu tooth relic taking in procession live telecast .
besides this, there is another fact pertaining to these elections, that swells our hearts with pride .
55, meegahawatta, .
preparation of budget estimates for 2015 .
brother harshvardhan, i am happy to know that despite this atmosphere charged with anger, you are able to think in a healthy manner at such a young age .
i would like to specially appeal to the entire political class to place implicit faith in the people .
i am sure, you too might be enjoying the rains with bhajiyas, pakoras, corn and a hot cup of tea .
in the year 2012 the children unit telecast its programmes under themes of ‘siyapathvila’ and ‘minipahan weta’ .
in year 2012 provincial council election was held in east, north central and sabaragamuwa provinces .
i reside in mayur vihar, pocket1, phase i, delhi .
name mr vk jayarathne .
my dear brothers and sisters, this time when i asked people for suggestions for mann ki baat, i can say that almost all the suggestions that were received echoed one theme .
type of investment .
we have to keep it a very very simple event but then he suddenly said that he had one condition .
by publicly celebrating ganesh utsav, he turned this religious occasion into a festival of national awakening and social refinement .
in the second day evening programme,the prime minister of government of republic socialist of sri lanka and also secretary to the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs participated as the chief guest and released research book and cassette .
d out of the 09 factories owned by the corporation, only 07 factories are in production at present and the balance 02 factories had been closed down due to the following reasons .
ensuring that resources mobilized from legally recognized ngos are used in the interest of the people within the framework of law and policy .
when the condition worsens then only does it come to our notice that it is diabetes to blame .
such a unique effort is being attempted by f .
treasury miscellaneous vote tmv .
as an initial step, this programme covering ranaviru children who have shown remarkable results, is carried out in collaboration with the national savings bank, a leading state bank in the saving sector .
the air force has set an example in ensuring gender equality and has opened its doors for our daughters of india .
name mr bmsss basnayake .
transport unit .
best wishes and blessings to hanaya .
research meetings and discussions .
i liked some pictures so much that i retweeted them .
mishmi tribes of arunachal pradesh claim their relationship with tigers .
828 programme on young journalists as changing agents of social integration .
various projects are also undertaken in addition to these .
1 ranaviru children savings investment scholarships .
deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements .
a sri lanka customs had not taken the instructors of the commissioner general of inland revenues into consideration in deducting the pay as you earn tax on the rewards paid to the officers .
after that all government departments started discussing it .
one can imagine ones agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age .
the ranaviru honor and dignity division can be described as one of the principal and unique divisions of the ranaviru sewa authority .
05 supported the distribution of letters in respect of yhe uttama puja pranama medal awards presentation .
the staff of the ranaviru sewa authority comprises of permanent, contract and employees who are seconded for service .
shriman gurumani kewal has written on mygov this step of reigning in black money is praiseworthy .
just two days ago, isro launched 30 nano satellites with the cartosat2 series satellite .
local training .
assisting the secretary to the ministry in the capacity of chief accounting officer to implement the financial obligations of the ministry and be accountable for the parliament .
provisions are recognized when the corporation has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made .
whoever i meet or wherever there is a chance to talk, the focus is on wildlife, discussions about the environment, the tiger, the asiatic lion, evolution etc .
what can be the financial model .
although here was 915 tremendous growth of the viewership for the children programs, according to the results of the survey, it is very clear this growth depended on cartoons dubbed programs .
mutur zone .
4 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the virusahana ranaviru village .
the name of this unique contest is clean beautiful toilet .
some games saw the participation of the whole family .
giving consultancy services for preparation of specifications and product development to cater local needs and requirement of general public .
sri murugan aranery school .
following activities mentioned in the annual action plan in the year 2012 had not been carried out .
the main function organized by the ranaviru sewa authority to commemorate the war heroes who had made the supreme sacrifice for the protection of the country was held at the ranaviru monument at sri jayewardenepura parliamentary sports grounds under the patronage of hethe president .
pradhan mantri mudra yojna, start up yojna, stand up yojna for dalits, adivasis, women, educated youth, youth who want to stand on their own feet for millions and millions through pradhan mantri mudra yojna, they have been able to get loans from banks without any guarantee .
name mrs pgrs madhavi welagedara .
filing new trends and spreading them all over the country to promote social cohesion based on regional needs .
my dear countrymen, i said this from the red fort on the 15th of august that there are few places where corruption is deep rooted .
there are times when we come across many slogans on safety at the work place but none following their letter and spirit .
public enterprises circular no ped 39 dated 09 october 2006 .
i special programmes .
my dear countrymen, 26th january is the golden moment in the life of indian democracy .
sun worship or chhath pooja is a festival of protecting the environment, ushering in wellness and discipline .
educational programmes .
true to its name, they brought glory to the country with their brave deed of conquering the everest .
jana madhya hamuwa .
315 revenue .
when we talk about science, the first name that strikes us is that of bharat ratna sir c .
official address chief minister's office, uva provincial council,raja veediya, badulla .
the countrys woman power has contributed a lot in the positive transformation being witnessed in our country society these days .
5 social and cultural division .
i learnt that on 17th november, a marriage was solemnised with chai par charcha in surat .
come on, let us express our gratitude towards them .
activities done by the makeup unit in 2012 .
as far as disasters are concerned, this country has borne the brunt of many a natural as well as man made disaster, such as chemical industrial mishaps .
and you must have noticed that when you are happy, you are smiling, you become relaxed automatically, and when you relax instinctively, youre able to recollect very old things also quite effortlessly .
your wellbeing .
national heritage .
morawewa village .
ac 28 .
b in terms of the section 1532 of the customs amendment act, no 83 of 1988, regulations have been made in such manner to enable the allocation of 50 per cent of the balance of fines income for the reward fund once all expenses are deducted and to distribute them to officers and informants as gifts .
the cost of heart stent for heart patients has been reduced to 85 .
senior level .
about 15 years back natural calamity was a part of the agricultural ministrys realm because most of the calamities were limited to famine .
these women of jharkhand have shown that women power is an integral component of swachh bharat abhiyan, which will change the course of the campaign of cleanliness in general life, the effective role of hygiene in the nature of the people ingeneral .
programme on bachelor degree studies .
cash balance .
official address zonal education office, kekirawa .
financial regulation .
rajpath turned into the yogpath that day .
649 kottukachachiya .
scheduling unit .
interest income .
monitoring of advance accounts .
granting approval for vehicle procurements, not included in the leasing method .
the sensitivity of a young lad, his unsullied love for his grandmother, such maturity at that early age .
designation additional provincial director of education control .
no the established sunday sequence should be maintained .
316 accounting for expenditure .
witnessing the journey that atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead .
actions had not been taken in the year under review for the execution of the following activities included under the infrastructure development in the corporate plan for execution in the year 2012 .
retail license .
innumerable saints like gyaneshwar, namdev, eknath, ram dass, tukaram are relevant even today in educating the masses .
and now the month of march beckons us with ripe crops in the fields, playful golden earrings of wheat and the captivating blossom of mango pleasing to the mind are the highlights of this month .
i felicitate both the teams of india afghanistan .
she credited her victory to her father, a farmer in belgaum .
and we know that over the last few years, isro has accomplished various unprecedented missions with flying colours .
14 1 donations local .
a provision for impairment of trade receivables is established when there is objective evidence that the corporation will not be able to collect all amounts due according to the original terms of the receivables .
total equity and liabilities .
bank of ceylon ranaviru rimem benivo project .
and science has proved that on these days changes take place impacting the seawater .
he knows that smoking or tobacco causes great damage to the body .
we should adopt cleanliness as a habit and should make provisions for cleanliness .
7 sought a decision from the evaluation committee to make payments for the establishment of public halts .
decrease in over provision for doubtful loans .
for a family of six members, the model of one standard twin pit toilet gets filled in about five years .
compared to the world, we still have a large number of tb patients .
my dear countrymen, i too am an ordinary citizen like you and like any ordinary citizen i too am influenced by good or bad things .
water management gates are used for irrigation system .
this series has been named as the gandhimandela series .
the motive of the ranaviru sewa authority is making the tomorrow of these respectable children a better and secured one .
annex 25 .
e staff administration .
and once again, best wishes for the new year 2018 to all of you .
the history of india's struggle for independence is very long, very vast and is filled with countless sacrifices .
official address zonal education office, kuliyapitiya .
people are sharing videos of fitness challenge on social media they are tagging each other to spread the challenge .
what is your government doing to ensure that abdul kalamjis dreams come true .
table 51 cadre of the year 2014 .
however the division has been successful in directing the corporation’s financial management so as to safeguard the financial stability and financial independence of the corporation .
on asking how things were going on, i got to know about the impact in small towns .
the inhabitants of this village from last few months tried and lead a campaign for building toilets in the village .
paighambar hazrat mohammad sahab was born on this day .
312 appointing committees .
24, sri sumangala road, .
here, a strong resolve of maintaining cleanliness also is as important as the strict discipline observed during worship .
programmes are also operative from the children’s scholarship and mental empowerment programmes .
ranaviru village society has completed all work of community hall .
not many would know that ramanujacharya relentlessly struggled against rampant social evils such as the class divide, the chasm between touchable and untouchables and the caste system .
just as a sea is formed by collection of tiny drops, similarly,a small constructive step, plays a vital role in creating a positive environment .
cost of personnel for the year under review is given below .
he was a divine figure full of heroism, valor, courage, sacrifice and devotion .
‍however, three designers had failed to reach that target .
but it led on the international yoga day .
i express my gratitude to the entire family of mann ki baat for being a part of it trusting it wholeheartedly .
divers programmes are conducted by the national institute of language education and training to develop the skills of its staff .
once a person asked the prophet peace be upon him which is the best thing in islam .
sitha nivana katha poya teledram .
the documentary unit is responsible of producing the “sunday ayubowan” program televised on every third sunday of the month .
sports should become a part of our lives .
it was my earnest wish that the ongoing campaign against corruption and black money, including the realm of political parties and political funding, be discussed extensively in the parliament .
today as i speak about festivals and how they are linked to the economy of the poor, i want to touch upon the subject of environment as well .
you get your due wages in full, without anybody extracting a cut .
to understand the virtues of patriotism, sacrifice and perseverance, one doesnt need to revert to historical events .
poya live telecast .
national institute of language education and training and its performance .
11 4 saving account interest income .
refreshment allowance .
thaipongal special musical program .
a big cleanliness drive was conducted there .
getting deeds or licenses .
when a trade receivable is uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account for trade receivable .
we have to help them in getting freed from their troubles in a stepwise manner .
i firmly believe that governments must be accountable in democracy and the public at large must be provided with report card of works done .
may your blessings remain there for me .
nature possesses a special power .
he did not receive any help from the passersby .
conducted at kokkeralla uthurupavva vihara, kurunagala from 08112014 to 9112014 .
i have experienced the fact that this topic has stirred the nations heart strings collectively .
project progress .
during 2015, 07 programmes of this nature were planned to be conducted .
this effort of his resulted in saving of money as well as of resources .
as it is i have spent close to 40 to 45 years as a travelling mendicant and have been to most of the districts in our country including the remotest once where i spent a lot of time .
10 nawagamuwa perahera .
every parent started feeling that they should take a selfie with their daughter .
many individuals taking initiative on their own behalf shared innovative ideas, held discussions, conducted poetry recitals .
your suggestions are always welcome .
budget 4 retaining the membership and making a success the actions of community .
11 purchasing musical instruments for distribution among ranaviru villages .
ii separate inventory registers had not been maintained for recording the particulars on assets used by each division of the college .
foreign trainingseminarsmeetings .
the division primarily carries out the functions of financial management and financial reporting of the corporation .
the sudarshan chakra bearing mohan left the banks of the yamuna for the sea beach of gujarat, establishing himself in the city of dwarika, while the mohan born on the sea beach reached the banks of the yamuna, breathing his last in delhi .
13 education skills and economic development division .
annex 47 .
it is important to note that the teledramas produced during this year won many accolades and were able to capture the intended target audience .
after all, these schemes are meant for common man, the poor people .
accordingly, the programmes for which financial assistance was given in 2015 are as follows .
this act will give more security to the interests of sc and st communities .
during the past few days, the cashless transactions, or cashless trading has increased by 200 to 300 .
i also thank shriman amitabh ji to connect in such a warm manner with mann ki baat and for taking forward the cleanliness campaign .
1 programme 01 .
in rajasthan apna bachcha, apna vidyalaya campaign is being run to readmit those girls into schools, who had dropped out, in order to encourage and motivate them to start studying again .
18 trade payables .
i am probably not able to convey all these to you but still i get a treasurefull of ideas over email, over telephone, over mygov .
mother nature gives us life and nurtures us, but at times natural catastrophes such as floods and earthquakes wreak havoc on a massive scale .
in, through letters and akashvani .
each of the units of the finance division discharged its duties during the year 2012 efficiently, effectively and economically to bring about the optimum returns to the corporation .
one of the objectives of this process is identifying the importance of communication and a common media with a sense of social responsibility as an intermedium that could contribute towards social integration .
a 60day tamil language training programmeis conducted by the institute for the newly recruited national integration promotion officers .
accordingly, provisions of funds have been provided to 22 divisional secretariats .
weekend payment for executive .
from 1857 to 1942, the people of india, with their ardent desire for freedom, came together, fought together, and suffered hardships these pages of history are an inspiration to us for building a glorious india .
the technical guidance required in this regard will be provided by the officers of the language division who have been trained in preparing language plans .
private transport services .
apart from that development implementation of software for the live sport events were carried out .
thaippongal – stamp release .
financial progress of the social integration and ethnic affairs division .
29122014 152 iii special circular for provision of relief to victims of prevailing disaster situations .
these games used to be a special feature of summer holidays .
divisional secretariat seethawaka .
programmes conducted .
walasmulla zone .
today, due to lack of awareness, both poor and affluent families are affected by malnutrition .
thus i was also reminded of what had slipped my mind .
information programmes .
the new chairman and the members have been appointed with effect from 05th august 2014 .
best set designing .
if the image is not clear click on it for a new image .
other assets .
the completion of one thousand days, is an important milestone in our scientific journey, our space odyssey .
he showed us that to succeed it is not necessary for the person to be born in an illustrious or rich family, but even those who are born to poor families in india can also dare to dream their dreams and realize those dreams by achieving success .
yet, even amidst the reports of these floods, some such events happened which should be remembered .
although a reward fund according to a scheme proposed by the minister and under the control of the commissioner general of excise should be established as per the section 17 ii of the act, such fund had not been established even by 31 october 2013 .
473 of the national channel’s airtime sponsorship, which amounted to 28455 hours, while 25 13210 hours of the channel eye airtime gained sponsorship in 2012 .
this is my personal experience, i had a chance of visiting more than five hundred districts of india .
may they be compositions like bharud hkkm or abhang vhkax, we get a great message of amity, love and brotherhood .
she has formed a samiti committee of women who manufacture lanterns that run on solar energy .
reflecting roadside signage .
granting of community housing loans .
our scientists launched the asat in march .
your letters are also discussed on akashvani .
after the departure of patjhad, when old and withered leaves fall, new leaves begin to sprout on the trees flowers bloom .
b inappropriate disclosures .
polonnaruwa district committee meeting on 24102011 .
conducting research and studies on issues about language training with the objective of utilising the results of studies and researches to conduct the activities of the institution effeciently .
our ancestors would say that there is a divine element in each individual .
m 930 .
janitorial service .
for mahatma gandhi, the individual and society, human beings humanity was everything .
7 taxation .
they too felt that it was not just schools, it was the future of the children, that had been set ablaze .
thirdly, there is another group of letter writers, also existing in large numbers .
one of the boys, kshitij, is a student of class 7 .
doo share the photographs taken on these festivals with one another so that everyone can witness the diversity of india and the beauty of indian culture .
while 38 programmes of it were broadcast, action was also taken to broadcast it in the ministry on every wednesday .
people with physical and mental disabilities are capable of unparalleled courage and capability .
this day marks the birth anniversary of the iron man of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel, the unifying force in bonding us as a nation .
categorization of programmes .
yesterday was the festival of onam we pray for onam to provide strength to the country, especially kerala so that it returns to normalcy on a newer journey of development .
there was a lot of enthusiasm among the players and the spectators .
there was a time when there was khadi for nation isnt it the need of the hour that there be khadi for fashion .
b nation building tax act no 9 of 2009 .
in a way, there are many events in the month of august that are closely associated with the history of our freedom movement .
they are, pidurutalagala, deniyaya, sooriyakanda, hanthana, primrose, kirimatiyakanda, namunukula, palali, padagala, hingulakanda, kokavil, bambalapitiya and torrington transmission station .
“poya discussion” – poya discussion program .
for the program in batticaloa .
gomarankadawala zone .
tv loan others .
several numbers of special surveys were done despite the data analysis of lmrb .
lord buddha has shown the world that the power of inner strength or that of the soul is necessary for peace .
nonrefundable tender deposits .
can we make better predictions of natural disasters using artificial intelligence .
dependents of war heroes who have made the supreme sacrifice or missing in action in safe guarding the country and the nation numbering over 29934 .
recently, he has picked up the gauntlet to not just clean up delhi, but to beautify it .
cleanliness survey 2018, the largest in the world, will be conducted from the 4th of january to 10th of march, 2018 to evaluate achievements in cleanliness level of our urban areas .
official address zonal education office, kanthale .
the payment of money in aid was suspended since the beneficiary children have completed their studies and two children had died .
in haryana, crops that require meagre water are being encouraged .
the motto of coast guard is vayam rakshaamaha .
that was the period when the desire for freedom, its intensity, and spread were on the rise .
rest house license .
he preferred to live a teachers life .
welimada zone .
and this implementation has had all the states participating in it and sharing the responsibility .
i request tv channels also to invite such films and hold a competition .
i am glad that be it wheat, be it pulses, be it oilseeds, the data received till 20th november indicates that sowing has increased substantially as compared to sowing during the last year .
2012 anniversary pirith mandapaya, .
thus, it is an unprecedented achievement in itself .
ii sanitary equipment 04 .
with great respect and in an emotion filled voice, she said, that mahatma gandhi had sent this handkerchief to her as a wedding gift .
for you these are routine things and you also make use of them .
therefore, such heavy expenditure incurred by the fuel fund for the departmental fuel expenditure under such circumstances is a contentious matter in the audit .
sisindra show, .
during the last two years this programme involved the common man .
my name is santosh jadhav .
welipenna sanasa society .
number of requests received .
that is why, whenever i look at somebodys good handwriting, i have a great respect for it .
03 official members and 05 members appointed by hon minister will be appointmented as members for this fund .
that is why good quality medicines are made available at affordable prices .
excise station .
sri ruwala ji started a sugarcane festival on 11th march .
32 currencies .
but, in this new era, the new generation is coming forward in a new way with a fresh vigour and spirit to fulfill their new dream .
hire of motor vehicles .
another special survey was done on children programmes of sri lanka rupavahini corporation based on world children’s day .
04establishment of bilingual facilitation booths at district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
till august 2017, indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 peacekeeping operations undertaken by the un the world over .
comprehensive income statement .
name mrsgltsliyanage .
312 retirement benefit liabilities .
that letter does not remain a mere a piece of paper for me .
you can listen to it on your own mobile handset .
and when labour day is referred to, labour is discussed, labourers are discussed, it is but natural for me to remember babasaheb ambedkar .
best singer .
the credit for this goes to all the parties .
she received training for 11 months putting in great efforts and she put her life at stake to fulfill her husbands dreams .
03 contribution to the language road map programme .
04 categorizing applications and computerization of them .
advertisements are published in main media by the commission focusing on important days and occasions commemorated by sri lankans .
can you too, being a tourist, lay stress on cleanliness at tourist destinations .
a book has been compiled on these women achievers, first ladies, so that, the entire country comes to know about the power of these women and derive inspiration from their life work .
it also inspires us to maintain the unity integrity of the country .
and 1942 to 1947 these decisive five years became integral for the masses to successfully attain through resolve, freedom for the country .
the high commissioners and ambassadors in diverse countries make statements for their respective countries, celebrating national and republican days those statements were recorded by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation the coordination part of this was handled by the ir unit .
vijayan initiated a programme punyam poonkavanam and commenced a voluntary campaign of creating awareness on cleanliness .
district hospitalmatale .
let's sit together and while enjoying mann ki baat try to fulfill the responsibilities of life .
boyagane motor cross, .
and i have always felt that we should come out of this situation and, therefore, today i want to talk in some detail with my young friends .
leaving out things that are beyond the constraints of time and accepting betterment in things wherever necessary .
i have observed and sometimes think that the citizens of our country are more aware and active than me .
i feel we can harness artificial intelligence in many such fields .
there must hardly be a major world leader who has not discussed yoga with me and this has been my experience all over the world .
i members of the armed forces and the police force who were disabled in action and .
life seems to be impossible without festivals but these have to be moulded according to the needs of the changing times .
this bears the names of soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice, in letters of gold .
so many rumours were spread, even the fight against corruption and black money was sought to be tainted with shades of communalism .
the performance reports had not been prepared in a manner to facilitate comparison with the action plan .
a weekly time slot has already been maintained titled ‘dhara’ to televise documentary programmes at 730 pm on sundays .
name mr msa jaleel .
please take this forward .
horana zone .
since this programme was initiated in 2012, up to now a total of 2,428 language associations have been established island wide .
mass participation led to good results .
the muslim programs unit is attached to the production services division .
no of blocks for distribution .
he was renowned to be a masterly scholar of languages such as english, sanskrit and kannada .
“eberthu etha ” jathika rupavahiniya .
the more we try to buy our local things the 'gandhi 150' will become a great event in itself .
they, by their diligence, are powering positive changes in the lives of others in myriad ways .
he served farmers in champaran who were being discriminated against .
our vision .
a register of fixed assets had not been maintained for computers, computer accessories, and software .
i believe that all of you should hear it and follow it .
thousands of our innocent people have lost their lives .
name mr dumindu maithree .
it is heartwarming to see them discuss books published on subjects such as science, technology, innovation, history, culture, business, lifesketches and so on .
during the year 2015, sinhala, tamil, english and foreign languages courses were conducted successfully for 1500 students .
in accordance with the provisions of the circular no042014 to implement the official languages policy in universities, a university student has the right to follow his higher education in the language of his basic education .
he strove to ensure enshrinement of fundamental rights that obliterated any possibility of discrimination on the basis of caste and community .
the targeted objective of this programme is granting financial assistance to war heroes and members of the ranviru families who need treatment surgeries due to serious ailments who face financial difficulties as they belong to the low income group .
kumbh mela is also a huge medium of self discovery, where every visitor experiences a unique feeling and learns to look at the worldly things from a spiritual perspective .
on january 20th, 2018, this sanitation campaign continued in the same vein and ive been told that this campaign will continue every saturday morning till the morna river is completely cleaned .
come, lets welcome the young visitors from all across the world with the festival of sports, lets enjoy the sport, and create a conducive sporting atmosphere in the country .
recently indias badminton player, kidambi shrikant has brought glory to the nation by winning indonesia open .
diabetes is of two types type 1 and type 2 .
4 providing money for pirith pinkam .
conducted at mahadeva achchirama, kilinochchi from 04102014 to 05102014 .
it was also revealed that children did not possess any specific program of any channel in their mind as preference .
the training center, which is situated in an attractive location, consists of a lecture hall with room for about 250 trainees at a time, group discussion facilities for residential training for about 60 persons and a library .
829 prevention of drug addiction, formation of “awareness groups” as change agents at community level to alert youth on drugs .
sivaththamil aranery school .
table 2 translation and computerization of list of names for gazette notification .
our soldiers have displayed great valour in difficult areas and adverse conditions .
exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion .
my dear countrymen, kiran sidar has written on mygov that i should highlight the aspects of india's space program and its future .
where the youth between 18 and 25 could sit together and brain storm about new india, find ways and chalk our plans .
and this precisely is the time to learn living that life also .
accrued expenses .
at that time you will be tangled into other things and therefore i tell you if you have a passion to learn magic then learn the card tricks .
in my opinion, except for the effect of the matter described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the customs officers reward fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
for corrosion prevention marine paints are used .
previous website .
04 ranaviru honor and dignity division .
it isnt as if yoga didnt exist before, but now the threads of yoga have bound everyone together, and have become the means to unite the world .
this village is famous for sugarcane production and a kurtayi jaggery .
research on hindu religious culture .
they succeeded in reviving the dried out sasur khaderi river with the help and cooperation of people from 4045 villages of the area .
on this occasion, i remember the words of swami vivekananda .
33 news programme expenses .
the citizens of australia gave equal respect to yoga and did yoga at the opera house .
coordinated the community meetings that were held at the divisional secretariats by the provincial officers .
we will have another opportunity to talk a lot .
climate change, altered weather cycles, and transformations in the environment, are also having a big negative impact .
my name is deepanshu ahuja i live in mohalla saadatganj, district saharanpur, uttar pradesh .
you are aware of the fact that when someone smokes around us, we come to know about it through its odour .
satellite related charges local .
each generation has this responsibility, the governments have this responsibility to explore possibilities of integration in each corner of the country and highlight the elements of our integration .
and efforts have been made to guide the states in this direction .
talent show .
this is unprecedented in india's history .
can we, this time around in society, organize programmes to felicitate daughters in villages, towns and cities .
the management board comprised of the following members since the beginning of the year 2011 .
if every citizen of my country is healthy, then my country will be healthy .
lay down new drain lines for each split ac units around the buildings due to request by anti dengue campaign .
f goods and services tax act no 34 of 1996 .
let me quote an incident .
nature of the related party transaction .
a sundry debtors .
war heroes who were disabled in action in safe guarding the motherland war heroes who lost their livesmissing and became disabled up to the year 2011 provincial wise .
annual report 2010 .
matugama–constructing a toilet for the community hall located at 79 c badugama nawajanapada in matugama divisional secretariat .
two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of shastriji along with respected bapus birth anniversary .
it is during this period that the sun enters uttarayan due to northward movement of the earth on the celestial sphere and enters the makardasha .
name mr ywikramasiri .
advance – social welfare fund .
issue of recommendations and extending support necessary at the school’s entrance of ranaviru children .
c construction works .
we shall prepare a roadmap on how we can do better .
up to 31st december 2014 in the department .
over the past month, more than 50 lakh toilets have participated in this unique contest .
till the time i was in gujarat, this habit had been ingrained in us, but after coming here, i had lost that habit .
best supporting actor nominee .
annex 01 .
when isaid that, i had never imagined that it would get such an immense response .
that day also was the day of buddha purnima .
accordingly, understanding the value of the implementation of the official language policy by the general public in their residential areas will contribute towards bringing about coexistence in the society .
now our northeast is also known for all best deeds .
my intention was to ensure that the divyangjan secure their due rights and also the honour and dignity that they are entitled to .
methodologies to achieve targets and objectives .
i congratulate him on his success .
a section 81 of the finance act no 38 of 1971 .
we human beings have a natural inclination to be enchanted by the delights of the rainy season .
amir khusro has portrayed these moments of change of season in a very interesting manner .
all the pradhans, collectors, parliamentarians of villages adopted under adarsh gram, the representatives of indian government and state government, all had an indepth discussion on this program .
2 perahettiya .
weather forecasts are available these days and the concerned technology has become so advanced these days, and space science also plays a very big role, that these weather forecasts turn out to be mostly accurate now .
the morna river was a perennial river flowing throughout the twelve months of the year but now it has become seasonal .
this year when the government of india started the sugamya india programme .
and i am not saying this on government lines .
the expedition has been named, navikasagar parikrama .
most of computer maintenance jobs of these computer centers were done using the knowledge and skills of the project without bearing additional costs .
of course i hope, that all of you will devote some of your precious time to visit the statue of unity .
this multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives .
taking part in the religious programme held at the kebithigollewa bodhiraja temple organized by kotavehera ranaviru community .
86 no of groups 2 .
ac 40 .
these were his ideals .
saiva siththantha classes .
sale of khadi has increased and as a result of this, the poor mans household has directly got connected to employment .
the objective of this phase is to collaborate with “government and nongovernmental agencies and build social integration by building key elements for social integration .
why not overcome some of our shortcomings .
under the initiative, the weaknesses in implementing the official language policy in the above institutions are being identified by rechecking the check list .
the children of war heroes in the armed services and the police who are dead, missing and became disabled while engaged in operations for the safeguarding the territorial integrity of the country, are the beneficiaries of this programme for the provision of scholarships with the support of local and overseas donors .
as at 31 december 2011 .
name mr wm deshabandu .
if you go to aligarh, do visit the railway station .
this is a beautiful coincidence that baba saheb ambedkar, the maker of the indian constitution, his 125th birth anniversary will be celebrated this year .
vikas krishna yadav reached the quarter finals in boxing but could not win bronze .
cleanliness was more important for gandhi than freedom .
to encourage the organizations which maintain the homes for children and elders, financial assistance is granted annually, following districts were provided financial assistance this year .
the eight year old is speech impaired, but he used a whistle as an armament .
ananya awasthi .
name mrs ua samarakone .
it had not been registered at the department of inland revenue relating to value added tax whereas tax had not been recovered from the officers and remitted under pay as you earn tax .
official address zonal education office, thambuththegama .
management of assets of the ministry .
india is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas .
classification schedules in terms of new accounting standards .
while we are on the subject of health, i would like to talk about one more issue .
divisional secretariat, mahawewa .
workshop on the manufacture of leather products .
and, therefore, i will just reiterate to you, my countrymen, what i had said that very day, that the guilty will certainly be punished .
the list of 241 applicants in the badulla district who had been referred to the authority for obtaining land was recommended and sent to the meegahakiula divisional secretariat .
when there is awareness and active participation in the movement, it has its own significance .
felicitations to all of you on the occasion of these festivals .
basic courses on translation residential 10 days .
as such as the budget for the year 2012 had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
it is with great pleasure that i declare that the officers of the ministry have worked with utmost dedication to fulfil the aspirations of the ministry as a whole .
we keep telling with great fanfare the whole world that india is a country where 65 of the population is below the age of 35 years .
matara thihaagoda,fostering national unity in the hearts of the children by wall painting .
acting director marketing .
my best wishes to all the young people about to begin a new innings .
it will be such pleasant blend of yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to yoga .
indiapositive has been the subject of quite an extensive discussion .
he made everyone feel that he or she was very important and absolutely necessary for the country .
in this 'pariksha pe charcha' program, i will touch upon a lot of things related to all the facets of examinations with my young friends, especially on the topic of stress free exams .
hiring of third party infrastructure .
we can too do the same .
today is the 26th of march .
everyone has experienced this as a most unique part of his personality .
compilation of project reports .
if you tell the world about whatever good has happened in your life because of your teachers, peoples attitude towards teachers would change .
guru nanak dev ji also went to tibet where people accorded him the status of a guru .
this is nothing new for us, but it is important to convert it into a social character .
you know what an app is, what online banking is and how online ticket booking is done .
closing dates of the liquer shops .
official address zonal education office, teldeniya .
today, the entire country is celebrating rakshabandhan .
many times while conversing with you, reading your letters or listening to your thoughts sent on the phone, i feel that you have adopted me as part of your family .
providing assistance to people in the neighbourhood with regards to their language needs and many other activities .
sri pararaja pillaiyar aranery school, .
in fact this scheme is meant for the benefit of such underprivileged people .
this group of youngsters has started a big campaign in delhi for providing education to the street children and slum dwellers .
14 march 2013 .
i felt good to see shriman darshan ji think about sharing with others what he gained from it .
collectivity is also a way of life, collectivity is power in itself .
more such centres are being opened .
a young engineer girl donated her first salary for this noble cause .
a task which could not be achieved in the past 60 years, would it be possible to achieve it in such a small span of time .
it was on the 9th of january, when our revered mahatma gandhi returned to india from south africa .
formulation of budget estimates for 2015 .
the world sports programme featuring international events conducted in english was telecasted weekly on channel eye .
actually, it is this people who run the economy .
preparation of detailed printed estimates .
this time, i requisitioned and viewed videos of discussions with our farmers on dd kisan channel of doordarshan and i feel that each farmer should get connected to this dd kisan channel of doordarshan, view it and adopt those practices in his her own farm .
jathika pasala alevel drama theatre .
give a missed call on this number whenever it is convenient for you even if you wish to listen to any previous episode of mann ki baat, you can listen to it in the language of your choice .
the self employment target of 40 for 2011 was achieved by the end of year giving financial assistance to 40 beneficiaries .
electronic equipment .
there are many efforts being made by the government .
as a revolutionary, he challenged british rule, fought against them and questioned subjugation .
however, that remained idle over a period of 03 years .
retention – sri lanka rupavahini corporation employees .
my greetings to everybody on this auspicious occasion of new year .
projects accounts .
it was heartening to see many eminent personalities encouraging our youth in interesting ways for fit india .
annual report 2008 .
there are several studies being conducted on how yoga is effective in curbing diabetes .
curiosity towards india has increased the world wants to know about the values, the rituals and the heritage of india .
samanthurai zone .
on the 23rd of january, the country celebrated the birth anniversary of netaji in an uncommon, special manner .
the farmers who initially used to depend on the same single cash crop in their fields and that too the yield was also not good begetting lesser profits, today are not only growing vegetables but also marketing their own vegetables and getting good prices through the trust .
in fact i am well fortunate to receive the fullest cooperation from the secretary and the staff of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs in our efforts to perform the responsibilities of the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs very successfully .
the mistakes and the shortcomings once highlighted can be rectified .
field marshal manekshaw has mentioned how in a meeting, sardar vallabhbhai patel was irked on the delay in sending troops to kashmir during the proceedings, sardar patel gave him a characteristic glance and reiterated that there should be no delay in our army operation and that a solution should be sought swiftly .
mann ki baat, october 2019 .
percentage decrease increase .
33 idle and underutilised assets .
financial report .
the department has issued following circulars during the year 2014, providing guidelines required for expenditure management of the spending agencies .
the myth that has been spread is that ecigarettes pose no danger .
this is an appropriate example of our commitment towards south asia .
in this age when radio was fading into oblivion, why did modi opt for the airwaves .
reflecting upon the implementation of the official language policy .
35finance division .
on the other, the world over, humanity joined hands in expressing the noblest the most righteous of human virtues .
he also went to buddhist holy sites such as rajgir and gaya .
getting approvals of carder .
13 auditor’s responsibility .
i want to tell you about a friend of mine .
if you want to create history, then it is necessary to understand the nuances of the past .
he is revered in uzbekistan too, which he had visited .
08 making children aware of competitions .
september 29,30 .
on the occasion of lord jagannaths car festival, i extend my heartiest greetings to all my fellow countrymen, and offer my obeisance to lord jagannath .
repaired inner roads of sri lanka rupavahini corporation premises .
best children programme .
similarly, i met a small girl named, sonam patel .
i also got an opportunity to go and watch a match .
today, the world over, christians are observing easter .
this unit consists of an assistant director, 02 producers, 01 production assistant and a typist clerk .
03 our functions .
bharathiyar aranery school, .
the responsibility is to provide files promptly at the request of officers for purpose of administrative, legal or any other official matter .
at present, this institute is functioning at no40, buthgamuwa road, rajagiriya .
dudaru kusalatha programme .
these seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture .
my dear brothers and sisters, this is a fact that the tribal community believes in very peaceful and harmonious coexistence but, if somebody tries to harm and cause damage to their natural resources, they do not shy away from fighting for their rights .
these ganesh festivities included holding wideranging discussions on the issues that touched our lives and society, and comprised such programmes which provided a new vigour and vitality to our social fabric .
55 audit committee .
you too would feel that, you wouldve committed the same mistake .
21 qualified opinion .
people are making their toilets clean and colourful, by having them painted and other rennovations, you will find lots of photos of such toilets participating in the clean beautiful toilet contest spread from kanya kumari to kutchh till kamrup on social media .
just as there is a prepaid card for mobile phones, prepaid cards are also available in banks to facilitate expenditure .
cultural officer .
planning and compiling of policy to implement the official language policy .
italy's ms .
05 medical assistance .
trade receivables .
today, a lot of new opportunities have been created for the youth .
he also travelled to the holy land of haridwar .
office furniture .
expectation on the part of parents and teachers is the root cause of the problem .
they suffered despicable miseries and that is how we can now breathe in a free india .
02 participated in wellawaya community meeting in the monaragala district on 7012011 representing the authority .
nikaweratiya zone .
i went for shopping with her at a mall .
in other parts of the country, especially maharashtra, our young friends must be busy with preparations of the dahihandi .
i had made a humble request that on the occasion of raksha bandhan we give our sisters these insurance schemes as a gift .
his biggest contribution in the freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive janaandolan peoples movement .
on this occasion i extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of coast guard for their service to the nation .
make others join you in that if the new member does three transactions, performs financial business thrice, you stand to earn ten rupees for that .
various instances of the preparation of language plans .
these radial gates are used for the following reasons .
and the positive results are now being seen .
he derivedinspiration and endurancefor spending many years in jail from bapu himself .
in a way, i consider this to be a huge pat on the back because these are people who are not on the front page of a magazine or newspaper or on our tv screens .
police stations .
we shall continue to receive something, learn something from them and keep on doing some good things .
trade receivables are carried at anticipated realizable value .
my dear countrymen, there are many good events happening in the country, which are not widely discussed .
conducting provincial workshops on self employment .
the objective of establishing language circles in schools is to direct the student society towards the aim of generating one sri lankan nation twined by bilingualism, to generate the attitudes and interest in student society towards using trilingual usage and to effect trilingual usage in all audible, visual, readable things in the school and also to develop the ability to convert the future society into a trilingual society .
ii ranaviru villages project .
in that interview, field marshal sam manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a colonel .
the world witnessed a dance of death and devastation during the world war i .
table 11 .
designation assistant director of education .
health medical officer’s office–ambagamuwa .
if you involve twenty persons in a day, by evening, you wouldve earned two hundred rupees .
b internal control procedure had not been followed so as to review or carry out technical audit whether action had been taken with proper responsibilities and transparency by the officers who were received and supervised the security bonds for which the service providers applied requesting payments on the basis of unsuccessful contracts .
based on harivansh rai jis lines .
in compliance with a request made by the department of health,a 11day residential second language training programme was conducted for the medical doctors engaged in internship training .
official address zonal education office, vadamaradchi, point pedro .
facilitation project on social transformation and integration functions under four basic sectors in order to achieve the above results .
teledrama series .
income expenditure ac .
325 cultural and religious programmes .
dilip ji, thank you very much .
“rise shine variety program, live telecast daily .
and i am extremely thankful to you for the concern that you show towards me .
english, hindi, bengali, marathi punjabi, pashto, urdu, he used to run the radio in all these languages .
1 division of registration of ngos and investigation .
gov health institutions .
rana viru gammana prejasala .
preparation of the hand book of issues solutions essential for managing the calls received by the language call center with regard to preparation of language plans .
sometimes someone expresses pity and sympathy .
progress review programmes for teachers .
boc saving ac .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, just think that if we have strong bones, strong heart, strong kidney, an overall good system but our upper skin gets burnt then what will happen even if the heart is strong, we will not be able to survive .
its a matter of sorrow for all of us that we lost kalpana chawla at that early age, but her life, her work is a message to young women across the world, especially to those in india, that there are no upper limits for nari shakti .
establishing a board of trained personnel to continue language studies .
1 rambwa .
nelli adi central college .
a better investment plan was implemented for this .
payments on all programme files were made in accordance with applicable regulations and to support programme production and broadcasting .
the pair of sania mirza and rohan bopanna met almost a similar fate in tennis .
but the woman power of chattisgarh, the tribal women there broke this stereotype presented an all new picture of themselves .
i would request that during these vacations do not go out just for a change but leave with the intention to know, understand gain something .
ensure meeting the goals set out in the vision for the future development policy framework of the government .
scholarships initiated with contributions from donors .
encourage all students to join .
your progress is a vital part of the countrys progress .
updating software at the provincial offices monthly and daily referring of them to officers in charge of provinces .
recently, just a few days ago, when the board examinations were held, 95 of the sons and daughters of kashmir, the young students appeared in the examinations .
artistes fee payable cancelled cheques .
if you look into this incident minutely, one thing will strike you and that is the young man living in america adhering to that countrys lifestyle and ideology, who left india many years ago but, knows the finer details about his village, knows about the challenges and still is emotionally attached to his village .
i have to remain deeply absorbed in files, but for my own self, i have developed a habit of reading daily, at least a few of the letters i receive and because of that i get a chance to connect with the common man .
2 provision of material resources on a priority basis required for war heroes and their families to reach a higher living standard socially .
during one udaasi, gurunanak dev ji travelled north to kashmir and neighboring areas .
1 general information .
she is elder to most of us and has been a witness to myriad phases, different eras the country has passed through .
the above awareness programme which was implemented under provisions of the department, was held on 03082015 .
sectoral basis – the budgetary allocations for 2014 were made in accordance with the sectoral policy framework developed by relevant stakeholders for the development of respective sectors during the medium term of 3 years .
they can use technology videos, posts, blogs, scripts, novel ideas to put forward all these .
last wednesday, i got an opportunity to meet these daughters and listen to their experiences .
2 gomarankadawela .
and when they do get the interview letter the poor, the widowed mother start thinking who to reach for recommendation, who can help get the job, whose jack could be useful to get that job .
purchasing of books from sri lankan writers .
courses such as dancing, music, computer science, preschools and english language studies are used in this regard .
the government undertakes massive immunization programs for our children and yet millions of children are still left out from being immunized and fall prey to diseases .
tamil language training programme for doctors .
can you imagine how hard their task would have been to frame the constitution of our country which has such big diversities .
of course, the inner wish to visit the statue of unity will come naturally to every indian .
type of vehicle .
02 meegahakiula land, badulla .
755 am to 555 pm – hourly news local and international .
tender deposits refundable .
in my view, it means getting connected with ones own self .
the new generation is more or less freeing itself from the shackles of cash .
e establishing a process of investigating the professional behaviour and conduct of the ayurvedic medical practitioners .
promoting research on hindu religion and culture .
be it the field of sports or space science, the women of our country lag behind none .
license to manufacture, milk punch and or wine .
and this time, students from other countries will also participate .
the whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance .
and this all happened during the period of british rule .
promotion of falk arts .
shivakumar swamiji dedicated his entire life to social service .
advance to artistes .
housing loan .
powder coating gives the products high quality and durability than the color coating .
you and i shared many thoughts and ideas the entire year .
then he spent another eight years in an orphanage .
some of my young friends must be busy with their examinations .
less than a hundred days are now left for the international yoga day on 21st june .
tar patching sets, .
under this campaign, food items and clothes will be collected and supplied to the needy persons .
i have had the fortunate opportunity to be blessed by swamiji, many a time .
35 other production expenses .
how can resolve be transformed into reality .
similarly, i was blessed with a chance to meet our winners of the summer youth olympics 2018 held in argentina .
in a way, i undertook the journey to meet my inner self .
divisional secretariat kalutara .
the news division was able to air a special coverage of london olympics through an hourly and main news telecast .
i laud the efforts of the district administration which has played a significant role in the successful endeavour of these women by ensuring availability of grants imparting training to them .
we believe that as a result of this action we were able to fulfill the necessities of war heroes more effectively .
subhasini mistri is a woman who, in order to construct a hospital, cleaned utensils in the homes of others and also sold vegetables .
a a main journal had not been maintained in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles for rectification of accounting errors, adjustments and closing entries .
seventeen separate committees were constituted by the constituent assembly on various important issues .
innumerable such incidents come to light everyday through television, media, newspapers and mutual conversations .
special license .
annex 44 .
7 independence day live .
tamil tele drama – 01, .
1 agalawatta .
v1housing aid project .
i can never forget my visits to gurudwaras in vancouver and tehran .
not only that, we may be having in our homes a lady making food for us or a lady who cleans our house, a daughter of an impoverished mother .
as a symbol of these, i would like to read a poem which has been sent by shriman ashwani kumar .
of the above projects, the following projects are very special .
in the new india, we should transform them into symbols of cleanliness as well .
we have received comments from five and a half lac people and i am extremely glad to mention that more than fifty thousand people took out time from their precious schedule to apply their mind and provide their suggestions on pmo applications as they considered this work important .
i urge all of you to share these traditional methods of water conservation .
video monitors fault repairs .
representing the committee on accounting of the parliament .
i came across a news a few days back and these small news really gives me immense pleasure and i would like to share the same with you .
in the year 2013, having taken another step forward, the ministry successfully completed establishing bilingual service booths at 19 divisional secretariats .
policies, strategies and plans .
this programme was implemented in puttlam, kurunegala, kandy, batticaloa, matara and colombo districts in the year 2015 .
so, not only india but all humanitarian forces will have to keep fighting unitedly to defeat the menace of terrorism .
sardar saheb was also a member of the constituent assembly .
there are many things for which we are dependent on the government .
new people kept coming forward each time in place of those who departed and the country kept on every moment endeavouring tirelessly to uproot the british rule .
what is certainly required is focusing on your goal with a calm steady demeanour and the will to strive .
programme on prevention of gender based violence .
recently, the 17th national paraswimming competition was held in udaipur .
divisional secretariat meerigama .
iv foster parent programme .
one gets an opportunity to experience life anew, away from closeted walls, away from paper pen and computers .
noof published flags .
i will try my best to bring these to you .
the interest payable over the period 5 years of the lease is transferred to an interest in suspense account .
providing for the bilingual needs of the public through reviewing, monitoring, educating and advising on implementing the official language policy .
ashwin has been declared cricketer of the year as well as best test cricketer by the icc for the year 2016 .
even poverty could not come in the way of his resolve .
3 cost of sales .
the staff of the authority while working with minimum facilities have set an example by extending their services with dedication to achieve goals .
i feel it will yield good results .
name mr mds fernando .
i have complete faith that your ideas will be really useful .
and also watch if the birds came or not .
official address zonal education office, udugama .
districtvice sholarship distribution .
official address zonal education office, killinochchi .
during the government of atal bihari vajpayee as our prime minister, a doner ministry called development of northeast region was formed .
mann ki baat, august 2018 .
the 44th amendment, made it mandatory that the proceedings of parliament and legislative assemblies were made public through the newspapers .
the following special programs were instrumental in the increase in earnings in 2012 .
provision of suitable land for war heroes and their families for building houses for living .
3 adorning of ranaviru flags .
for their resolute zeal i congratulate these students and i also felicitate their parents, their kith and kin, their teachers and all the gram pradhans as well from the depths of my heart .
so that is the reason why kerala is on the verge of being declared free from open defecation .
computerization of information .
from thanthirimale .
adarsha ranaviru gammana programme .
reconciliation of public officers advance account 2014 .
the present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds as no active market for highquality corporate bonds in sri lanka .
since the 4th of march is national safety day, the prime minister should include safety in the mann ki baat programme in order to raise awareness on safety .
and especially during diwali, it is customary in every family to buy something new, get something from the market in smaller or larger quantity .
the division all took the initiative to follow up on all due payments of completed programmes and met the payment obligations by the respective deadlines .
while travelling in the train or the bus if someone coughs, the next person immediately advises a cure to offer advice or suggest a solution, are part of our nature .
i extend my heartiest greetings to you all, until the next episode of mann ki baat, when i shall share my thoughts with you once again .
they have left no stone unturned as saviors of those trapped in the floods .
it is a change where people are increasingly willing to contribute for the sake of service to society .
the government of that time arrested and incarcerated him .
financial assistance for the rehabilitation of temples under “vadakkin vasantham” .
a memorial that would house the valour saga series of our brave soldiers who laid down their lives, safe guarding their nations security .
exhibition stall at dayata kirula .
the farmer is the son of the soil, how can a farmer see the mother earth falling sick .
1 payment of balance installments for the construction of community hall building at nugedolawatta ranaviru village .
a series of workshops on “rupavahini jathika pasala – gce ol” have been conducted to coincide with the ‘dayata kirula 2013’ which was held in the ampara district .
on the occasion of world environment day on 5th june, there are going to be litter bins made available to collect solid waste and liquid waste in 4000 towns of the country .
this time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence .
and, there would hardly be a city in uk where diwali is not celebrated with a great pomp and show .
in the year 2011 .
noof schools .
the progress the sri lanka rupavahini corporation achieved during the year 2012 .
i extend many felicitations to you .
peace, unity and harmony were his principal teachings .
just a few days ago, a historic cricket match took place in bengaluru .
a financial assets .
when the entire nation stands by the armed forces, their might mutiplies a hundred and twenty five crore times .
annex 08 .
and, i have seen that people closely follow as to what modi does, where does modi go, what all has modi done .
‘friday’s nugasevana’, ‘saturday ayubowan’, ‘thirasara’, ‘rasa mohootha’ and ‘ayubowewa’ are notable within the programmes .
02 provision of technical assistance for implementation of the official language policy .
state resources and enterprise development .
yes, tomorrow is the constitution day .
lord buddha was the fountainhead of egalitarianism, peace, harmony and brotherhood .
our farmers across the country have got more than 10 crore soil health cards made so that they may understand their soil better and accordingly sow the crop .
puththam putu kaalai, .
walapone zone .
the targeted schedule of conducting programmes could not be achieved in the backdrop of the failure in the part of the provincial officers who were entrusted the job of organizing necessary programmes at the provincial level and educating about the project .
it does not trample the dreams of a family and waste the lives of our children .
azads courage and passion for freedom inspired the youth of the day .
122 unexplained differences .
reconciliation of public officers advance account .
i have been extremely fortunate to have been blessed with the opportunity to visit a number of significant places associated with revered mahatma gandhi and pay my homage .
be it navratri or durga puja how can this shaktiupasana become the festival of celebrating social unity .
the smiles thus accrued on the faces of numerous underprivileged families will more than double your joy during festivals your faces will be lit up with a glow that will brighten your diwali immensely .
action had been taken to assign a vehicle to a consultant which was obtained on the basis of monthly hire of .
table 54 public officers' advance account for 2014 .
in such a short time span more than 10 crore people have become a part of these schemes but we have to take it further .
deputy director general engineering .
along with that, he was also adept at organising skills .
we all know that our lifestyle is the biggest cause for diabetes .
the resolve was to organise 100 such programmes all over the country .
works manager .
computer requisites .
from the core of my heart, i congratulate those air warriors and their families who rendered service to the nation .
11 2 treasury bill interest income .
rehabilitation and uplifting of capital assets .
700 pm to 730 pm main tamil news .
similarly, whatever you have seen throughout india and whichever seven out of these you liked the best and you wish that someone should see these things, or should go there, should get information about them, then you must send photos and information of seven such tourist spots on mygov or on narendra modi app .
promotion of national and international language proficiency .
along with the 43 vehicles which belong to the sri lanka rupavahini corporation fleet, another 10 more vehicles were hired to ensure uninterrupted service .
gee sara, .
and it was at the same time, that this event left a very deep impact on a twelveyearold boy .
all of us have to take our nation to newer heights .
our banks should become more sensitized and should help more and more people .
people of all age groups have sent messages .
colombo 10, .
c section 651 of public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
monthly progress .
written requests or inquiries are to be addressed to factory engineer either with specifications and drawings or specific user needs, requirements and finishes etc .
the progress of the projects has been given under each head of project .
that is why, the need of the hour is that humanitarian forces should become more alert and cautious .
there is another reason why i consider 26th july quite important because mygov .
among the above programmes, organization of sinhalatamil national festivals, youth exchange programmes, conducting programmes to generate selfemployment opportunities through language proficiency, organization of friendship camps for enhancing sinhala–tamil intimacy etc could be worth mentioning .
chief executive officer .
yoga has attained worldwide recognition as a measure of preventive health care .
the country salutes the indomitable courage of meena ji, wife of martyr prasanna sahu of jagatsinghpur, odisha .
in a way, he was cutoff from active politics for the last 10 years .
mal gudi day .
this is a holy act, everyone must do it .
on the other hand, many people have mentioned in their letters all kinds of wrongdoing which are going on how newer wily ways and means are being devised .
three braveheart women bhavna kanth, mohana singh and avani chaturvedi have become fighter pilots and are undergoing training on the sukhoi 30 .
there is no wonder that our foremost freedom fighters were the brave people from our tribal communities .
two advertisements, depicting the message of importance of language rights and the official languages policy, together with greetings have been published in 2015 .
with their triumph, not only did they do the nation proud, they pleasantly surprised many people through their capabilities and prowess .
this 2nd october, on gandhi jis anniversary and also on the completion of one year of clean india campaign, i had the fortune of participating in the safaigiri campaign of the india today group .
it is the tallest statue in the world .
as soon as the people in our country and abroad heard of the demise of atalji on 16th august, everyone drowned in sadness .
i urge you to participate in the largest possible numbers in this run for unity .
750 copies of the book “moovar thamilum saivanerium” consisting 40 research essays in 644 pages were printed and published .
the country needs more and more scientists .
new seaports are being constructed on a number of seaways of india and infrastructure is being strengthened at old ports .
a valiant fighter who played a significant role in our freedom struggle .
4 real time video streaming of rupavahini channel throughout the transmission .
its a matter of joy that women in india are taking rapid strides of advancement in all fields, bringing glory to the nation .
i respectfully bow to all the brave sons of the country, who laid down their lives, protecting the honour of their motherland, india .
factory engineer issue a circular to all government and semi government institutions, departments, ministries etc stating what type of products, works and services that the government factory intents to offer during the each year .
pradhans of villages situated on the banks of the river ganga were invited to allahabad on the 20th of this month .
these programmes are organized at service stations level and conducted in such government institutions as government departments, divisional secretariats and police stations covering a duration of 4 to 6 hours per week, without causing disturbance to official duties of the participants .
fixed deposit interest income .
nevertheless, it was observed that proper steps had not been taken on the unsettled amounts remaining over long periods relating to the redeposited rewards .
the entire nation is eager to welcome you as voters of the 21st century .
book library, .
mandela used to consider bapu as his role model .
identifying her anonymous persona, she has been honoured with the padma shri for her contribution to society .
if you have any ideas for the third international yoga day, please do send me your suggestions and guidance through my mobile application .
the discharge from the pulp and paper industry or the liquor industry is almost coming to an end .
i always tell people, that if you go to porbander, the birth place of mahatma gandhi, you will be able to see a two hundred year old underground water tank which got directly recharged with the rain water .
the following functions with regard to these institutions were carried out by the department of national budget in 2014 to improve their financial and management efficiency .
one runs short of words in complimenting and congratulating our scientists, their entire team .
once again, i extend my heartiest wishes for your birthday .
my dear countrymen these days, the parliament session is going on, and during the parliament session, i get to meet many people from across our nation .
annex 14 .
03development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes .
all of them showed enthusiasm by personally speaking out their minds to me .
it was this movement that had made the entire nation determined to attain freedom from the british rule .
annex 24 .
yoga has to be made popular among the youth, the senior citizens, men and women from all age groups through interesting ways .
and this new means of fraud is digital fraud .
the financial statements for the year under review had not been prepared based on the new sri lanka accounting standards effective from 01 january 2012 .
iii educational scholarships project .
even in films, a lot is exhibited regarding its grandeur and magnificence and most truly so, the dimensions ofkumbh are vast supremely divine, as much magnificent .
today, with nhrc operating at the national level, 26 state human rights commissions have also been constituted .
gst is probably be the biggest tax reform in the world .
all ministries and departments of sri lanka participated and arranged exhibition stalls .
a section 17of the tobacco tax act, no 8 of 1999 .
official address zonal education office, kalutara .
equipment for ntv .
last month, we had launched three insurance schemes .
the financial statements have been prepared in compliance with slfrs, subject to certain transition elections and exceptions disclosed in note 8 .
why dont we associate each festival with cleaniness .
it is our duty that we abide by our constitution in letter and spirit .
01 providing the national language division with the necessary technical assistance for planning of programmes relevant to implementation of the official language policy, leadership and institutional empowerment .
balance at 01 january 2012 .
we will meet once again for mann ki baat' next time .
but, to tell you the truth, this time we did not feel so .
rental for fiber optic link .
in the roti banks, the leftover rotis are deposited by people, they also deposit the leftover vegetables and the needy can obtain food from these banks .
a basic awareness creation with regard to the official languages policy was held, and subsequently a session for questions and discussions was held .
the government continuously endeavours to take a feedback from them .
deduru oya .
i feel it is good, dream big and achieve bigger successes .
24 countries from across the globe discussed on the indian soil a call to action to reduce maternal mortality and infant mortality rates .
the sheer simplicity and maturity displayed by the 23 year old daniil medvedev touched everyone .
frequency chargers .
these biscuits are now being supplied upto almora and kousani besides being sold to about fifty aanganwadi kendras in bagheshwar district .
for most of his life, his work was centred in north india and he sacrificed his life in nanded, maharashtra .
my young friends, you know very well that i regularly do my mann ki baat .
miscellaneous income .
official address zonal education office, mannar .
2 people’s action for bilingualism .
the year 2018 saw the launching of the worlds biggest health insurance scheme ayushman bharat .
activities engaged in other projects of the authority .
one falls short of words in assessing the enormous contribution of our armed forces, police and para military forces in the strides of progress achieved by the country .
in government jobs, the extent of reservation for them has been enhanced to 4 .
but why should we blame the rains .
projectsprograms implemented by the ministry to obtain results generated, efficiency, effectiveness are monitored and evaluated .
under this programme commenced in 2013, two programmes per district were carried out .
after that, amidst the hectic engagements during elections, an important development such as the asat could not be a prominent part of the discourse .
i am happy that the farmers of my country heeded the needs of our poor people and cultivated various pulse crops on about 290 lakh hectare land .
for example, how is a rocket launched, how is a satellite placed in orbit, what information do we gather from a satellite, what is asat and many more of these .
for any reason, if one is not able to vote, it should pain one .
i am happy that a seminar workshop on table talk exercises and best practices was organized in delhi .
every nook and corner of the house is cleaned .
in this, the performance of some of the younger players deserves a special word of praise .
the main objective of this is the preparation of the list of names of the recipients of the uttama puja medals on district basis to be gazetted .
till november end, around 15 crore lpg customers have become its beneficiaries .
we can think of this figure as one ordinary but if i place it in a global perspective, if you exclude china, the number of people who voted in india exceeds the population of any other country in the world .
civil engineering unit .
every indian should have access to good governance and positive results of development .
i have also read about a village kallar majra which is near nabha in punjab .
handa maama golden jubilee programme live telecast sri lanka broadcasting corporation .
the museum has 4 historical exhibitions which display more than 450 paintings and artworks which are of three centuries vintage .
my dear countrymen, once again, i wish you michchamidukkadm .
a day such as paraakaram prava reminds our youth of the glorious heritage of our army .
progress, from 20140101 to 20141231 .
the sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals .
d public enterprises circular no ped50 of 28 july 2008 and public administration circular no2299 of 08 october 1999 .
my young friends, the need of the hour is that we build up a mass movement for making a magnificent glorious 21st century india .
the kumbh mela can become the centre of tourist attraction as well .
all matters relating to public finance and budgetary management of 122 enterprises statutory boards which are supported through the funds from the consolidated fund were carried out by the department of national budget during the year of 2014 .
number of audit checks conducted 12 .
prophet muhammad sahib believed that a person is rich because of his inherent spirituality, and not materialistic wealth .
conducting a 10 sample survey .
i am sure reverberations of the spirit of football will be heard all around .
actually, we should understand the importance of these things, it will surely benefit you .
rectified spirits license .
kreeda visithuru, .
revered bapu fought for this cause all through his life and made all out efforts .
amortization policy .
theyve mentioned that water should be kept in trays and utensils on the balcony and on the terrace .
granting housing loans for those in the service .
it felt as if we were celebrating diwali together with a hundred and twenty five crore indians .
salaries allowances – contract staff .
indian universities can also compete with world class universities, and they should .
500 and 1000 rupee notes and such a vast country, wide proliferation of currencies, billions and trillions of bank notes and amidst that, this decision the whole world is minutely observing, every economist is analysing it, evaluating it .
name ms amp nilanthi .
human resource assistant .
those of you who might be getting a chance to visit tamilnadu might have noticed that in some temples in the state, there are carvings on stone depicting irrigation system, water conservation methods and drought management .
after leaving the orphanage, he eked out a living cleaning dtc buses and working as waiter at roadside eateries .
now, it is up to you to decide whether you consider the exams pleasure or pressure .
wendala temple, karawanella .
he had talked about the importance of federalism, federal system and stressed on center and states working together for the upliftment of the country .
cine artiste akshay kumar has shared a video on twitter .
official address zonal education office, trincomalee north, morawewa .
what is your opinion about such cheat and fraud emails .
deepavalee celebration .
another duty entrusted to this unit is to enter the highstandard programs made by various sri lanka rupavahini corporation producers or international competitions and award ceremonies .
short term second languages training courses for newly recruited government officersdoctors, administrative officers and other professionals .
balanced and nutritious food is essential for all of us, more so for women and the newborn, since these two categories are the foundation of the future of our society .
but today, i think, if i change the course of the conversation that way, the entire complexion of mann ki baat will change .
community account opening .
but destiny had different plans that day .
i try to learn from whatever they are doing or whatever they are thinking .
an updated register on information in respect of ayurvedic practitioners, dispensers, and nurses registered in the ayurvedic medical council as at 31 december 2012 had not been presented for audit .
a the following item of expenditure for the year under review as compared with the expenditure for the preceding year had increased unusually .
you can imagine the gargantuan task .
special live cultural traditional program .
i have seen that whenever i have had the opportunity to go as prime minister, and of course credit also goes to international yoga day, the situation now is that wherever i go in the world or interact with someone, people invariably spend close to 57 minutes asking questions on yoga .
vesak celebration .
all other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of comprehensive income within ‘other losses gains’ .
making financial contribution for pirith chanting pinkama organized by hanwella ranaviru community ya .
today, you can see ganesh pandals in almost every street of various cities .
this time the theme is 'beat plastic pollution' .
when i first encountered the term plogging, it was novel even to me .
the indian team did something that is exemplary to the whole world .
positive events provide energy to do good .
programmes conducted with family planning association .
bakinigahawela muslim maha vidyalaya .
being a woman, i feel an empathy with her family .
this conviction is important .
in january about 6,000 players participated in 18 disciplines in the khelo india youth games held in pune .
when the world celebrated international yoga diwas and the entire world got associated with it, we became proud of our country .
but, my dear young friends, i once again tell you that i need your help in this task .
issuing of police reports for lost national identity cards police reports were issued in place of lost nics free of charge .
but i am expecting more suggestions .
there is no denying the fact that we could not perform up to the expectations .
it was observed that the budget had not been used as an effective instrument of management control because of a significant variance between the estimated provision and actual expenditure .
my dear countrymen, thank you very much .
present cadre .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation hereinafter referred to as the “corporation” was incorporated under the sri lanka rupavahini corporation act no 6 of 1982 .
promoting hindu religious education to practice moral characters and religious values among hindu youths .
district secretariat killinochchi .
so in the morning they are students and by evening they become educators .
for those of you wanting to share such information, you can send it on an email address set up by the government for this purpose .
badulla district committee meeting on 08082011 .
there id inaugurated a state of the art museum dedicated to mahatma gandhi .
rs millions .
and i am very happy that a large number of people are sharing their thoughts on mygov .
in the course of the conversation, there was also a mention of schools in kashmir that had been set afire and i felt these pradhans were as saddened as our other countrymen were, at that .
reference to laws, rules and regulations .
the payment will continue till the children sit for the gce al and it is stopped thereafter .
my dear countrymen, we are extremely delighted and proud of the mars mission success .
it is the root cause of this problem .
on the other hand, i have been noticing that interest in football among the youth in india has been rising be it the english premier league, spanish league or the indian super league matches .
finance leases .
they were from the jammu kashmir panchayat conference .
i hope that when you set out on a journey during the coming holidays you can contribute something to cleanliness too .
in this manner an atmosphere of competition for cleanliness has been created .
i convey my blessings to the newlyweds bharat and dakshaa and profusely compliment them also for having transformed their wedding occasion into an offering for the great task and thereby converting it into a new opportunity .
it is solely on account of the tireless exertions of our countrymen that on myriad indicators, india has charted an upward trajectory in global rankings .
3rd december is a day to remember all such people and get inspired by them .
official address zonal education office, balangoda .
but if i am saying then i should at least do something .
92 no of groups 02 .
to commemorate rupavahini’s 30th anniversary .
8arrangements were made to purchase library books for use of members of ranaviru villages .
both bapu and mandela are not only sources of inspiration for the entire world, but their ideals have always encouraged us to create a society full of love and compassion .
122 lack of evidence for audit .
in the entire country about 514 centers have facilities for testing dengue cases absolutely free of cost .
just like last year, cant you gift on the occasion of raksha bandhan pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojna or jeevan jyoti bima yojna to mothers and sisters of our country .
miscellaneous payable – suwa sahana .
inventories of the corporation consist of consumable stock .
125 crores indians are not only marching together but they are taking the country forward too .
apart from that, the graphic unit supports the functions that belong to the current affairs unit and create the graphics for programs as well .
name mr ns premachandra .
this edition of the games was special on one more count a majority of the medalists was women athletes .
the department of national budget operates under the guidance of the ministry of finance and planning .
i render my pranam to pandit ji .
progress of granting self employment loans district wise .
also, issuing of result sheet printed on a special protective paper for all candidates was commenced this year .
he has written that on the 3rd of march, 1900, the british arrested birsa munda, when he was just 25 years old .
he played a pivotal role in helping india win hockey gold medals in olympic games of 1928, 1932 and 1936 .
table 53 local trainings .
you will never feel a test, a test again .
my dear brothers and sisters, we just celebrated the festival of shivaratri .
travel plays a very strong role in shaping our lives these days the youth of india are being driven by a spirit of adventure and curiosity .
compiling the handbook of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans at ministerial and departmental level took place .
this is the twelfth episode of mann ki baat and in a way it means that we have completed one year .
mann ki baat, august 2019 .
124 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations, and management decisions .
sports are considered a waste of time in our society .
it indicates the articles of the history of sri lanka rupavahini corporation almost 30 years, present states and the future vision .
these books will be published in june 2015 .
and sometimes the news is very bizarre, never seen or never heard of .
but, you did not find any damage anywhere .
name mr jkmvk jayasinghe .
im fortunate that at the beginning of this year, i got an opportunity to participate in the 350th birth anniversary celebration organized at patna sahib .
treasury bills .
unlawfully sale of spirits .
this year also, we have been fortunate to be the hosts of the mens hockey world cup 2018 in bhubaneshwar .
and this is true that the more care we take, healthier we would be .
action for recovery of arrears amounting to as at 31 december 2012 had not been taken .
arulmigu kandasamy aranery school, .
b a sum of had been paid to the institute of construction, training and development during the year under review in respect of office rent, value added tax and electricity charges for the years 2013 and 2014 without entering into a formal rent agreement .
not only this, they lauded them and showered them with high praise for their brilliant performance .
advance for programme production .
sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective .
this division has entered into several individual projects to achieve this objective .
30122014 52014 authorization for incurring expenditure for 2015 and public expenditure management .
03 trilingual programme .
4 produced a digital satellite news gathering dsng system for the use of satellite linking technology for outside broadcast events and the dsng is being used for outside broadcast events since november 2012 .
the expenses for transport and electricity was brought down directly by using the rajatha studio for studio program productions and live program productions up to some extent .
sivasakthi aranery school, .
the smoker also knows this fact and so do people around .
the prime minister of the country is ready to be a postman to convey your good wishes to these players .
ensuring timely and accurate financial reporting .
just a while ago, bihar launched an interesting initiative .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the vicechancellor of the university from time to time .
the seminars and workshops are being conducted in the districts to regularize the teaching method of aranery school teachers, explain the concept of the syllabus and conduct practicals for the students .
c creditors .
even in many islamic countries this practice does not exist .
although in the next episode of 'mann ki baat' i shall dwell upon it in detail, still today i am telling this ina advance so that you get time to prepare .
for the sake of this river we went to settlements on its banks, spoke to people and took out rallies too, but to no avail .
the bishnoi community in the desert land of rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection .
we have completed 50 years of our war with pakistan in 1965 to commemorate this event an exhibition named shouryanjali had been organized near india gate .
project of the programme .
there a young person referred to developing a digital instrument that converts the written word into voice .
number of employees retired .
during this survey, the matters to be surveyed include freedom from defecation in the open in cities, collection of garbage, transport facilities to lift garbage, processing of garbage using scientific methods, efforts to usher in behavioural changes, innovative steps taken for capacity building to maintain cleanliness and public participation in this campaign .
as such how effective the new designs produced had been, was problematic .
once you forward your inquiry reply is given either telephone or on line or by post, whichever way you to convenience .
manika batra won a medal in each of the events that she competed in .
i am happy that in a very short span of time all these schemes have been accepted in large numbers .
i the above factory had been closed down over 10 years ago .
the awareness that has come about in villages guarantees a new progress for india .
and these are the people who have spent themselves in service of others .
i congratulate the maharashtra government on the accomplishment of both these tasks .
following that is the rakshak chakra which depicts the spirit of security .
they collect clothes, sweets, food from homes, look for the needy and hand them over discreetly .
c grant and settlement of advances .
name mrsgatngodagedara .
annex 51 .
tradition of publicly celebrating ganesh utsav was also initiated with the efforts of lok manya tilakji .
lesser known artists could be taken and it is not necessary to have a big studio and a big camera .
when we refer to public safety, two aspects are very important proactiveness and preparedness .
therefore, the responsible parties have not paid their attention to the contribution for the protection of the public revenue .
at present, this institution, has expanded its scope, implements a number of training courses island wide .
may the world be free of crises, be it from terrorism, from global warming or from natural calamities or manmade tragedies .
supplied furniture to the maintenance unit .
one sardar, as history goes, sardar vallabhbhai patel was the second great man after chanakya who carried on the stupendous job of uniting our country .
it shows 16 women mps of singapore parliament standing outside the parliament all clad in indian sarees and this photo has gone viral .
373 2 employee advances .
and, now the farmer also realizes that proper soil care is needed if production is to be increased and that if we take care of our soil, it will also care for all of us .
emergency gates are used in reservoirs .
the familys new enterprise started developing .
i have met so many youth who have taken the pledge sunday on cycle .
crores of people got connected with this movement and luckily i also got a chance to participate in the voluntary cleanliness shramdaan with the children of delhis ambedkar school .
british premier theresa may organised a reception in london involving all communities on deepawali in which she herself participated .
we have recently celebrated 125th birth anniversary of baba saheb ambedkar .
number of meetings of buyers and sellers .
my dear countrymen, 5th september is teachers day .
before that, he puts in his life and soul to get his field ready so that not even a single drop of rain water goes waste .
i recently visited the krishi unnati mela organized in new delhi .
corporation entertainment .
the divinity emanating from kumbhwill spread the colours of india's splendour throughout the world .
formulation of annual budget estimates for ministries, departments and statutory agencies of the government in consultation with the spending agencies and the relevant treasury departments to achieve the fiscal targets stipulated in the fiscal management responsibility act .
03divisions of ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and their performance .
get directions .
madhu zone .
42 procurement plan .
training classes to improve language ability of hindu priest and aranery school teachers were started in august 2014 in batticaloa and jaffna districts .
the first ever military reality musical program in the world titled “ranaviru real star” was supervised and produced throughout the year 2012 successfully by this unit .
erected on the banks of river narmada in gujarat, the structure is twice the height of the statue of liberty .
maha shiva rathri day .
it is the birthday of our former president, dr .
there is much about guru nanak dev ji that i can share with you, but it will require many an episode of mann ki baat .
the jain community celebrated the samvatsariparva yesterday .
it gives me joy, feels nice .
we know that in our country there are three states that have already been declared open defecation free states, that is, sikkim, himachal pradesh and kerala .
lease interest suspense ac .
it is indeed surprising today, when we hear that children are suffering from diabetes .
previewing monitoring charges .
3 nawagampura .
yusuf meher ali .
be it 26, alipur road, associated with babasaheb ambedkar, or the sardar patel museum or the kranti mandir .
employees work on assignment basis .
and it was the champaran satyagraha that brought to the fore, mahatma gandhis organisational skills, and his strong ability to gauge the pulse of indian society mahatma gandhi, through his demeanour and deeds, could inspire the poorest of the poor, the most illiterate, to unite and come together out into the open for the struggle against the british rule .
further, the average overtime duty of these officers per day per officer had exceeded 20 hours .
i do not know how the intellectual class, elites of the world would analyze this event .
you will witness for yourself the ensuing change .
142 sundry debtors .
greeting pertaining to poson festival .
it is true that sports games that were once a part parcel of every childs life, in every lane in the neighbourhood, are fading into oblivion .
annual performance report .
hotel license .
preparation of detailed printed estimates with relevant to all the expenditure heads with analytical data .
click here .
my dear countrymen, some days ago i went to kashi and there i got a chance to spend time with my divyang brothers and sisters .
i am an ordinary citizen of village tiraali of tehsil tiraali in district harda of madhya pradesh .
indias most important contribution under the un umbrella is its role in un peacekeeping operations .
compiling sinhala, tamil and english glossaries on various subjects .
media also prominently highlights such programmes, a few days ago, i went to kutch in gujarat .
south asia satellites has been a unique initiative, which has also gifted hues of development to our neighbouring allies .
this time 19 athletes, including three women, took part in paralympics from our country .
table 1 – depreciation rates of ppe .
while this programme was conducted with the objective of fostering mutual understanding among religions at divisional secretariats and building mutual trust and thereby building a society with mutual respect for each other, multireligious groups, teachers and students of damma schools, civil security group, community leaders, youth teams and government employees participated in the programme .
c development of land earmarked for distribution among war heroes .
lets hear what this representative of a military family sayshello mr .
building the necessary background for making public service bilingual .
amount paid in 2011 .
in the previous episode of mann ki baat i had expressed the view that our students should be drawn towards science .
should we not recognize such service and bestow it with honour .
they have to live amongst many different people .
therefore, this is an example that if there is an aim then even a small department can do a supreme job .
purchasing of uniform materials for aranery school students .
analysis of expenditure for monitoring of financial as well as physical progress .
followers of lord budha across the world celebrate the festival .
till now around 40,000 crore rupees are directly reaching the beneficiaries through various schemes .
in 2015, 11862 sinhala medium students and 11793 tamil medium students were benefitted out of these programmes .
05 social and cultural division .
divisional secretariat uhana .
we should take this thing forward .
my heart shivers when i look at the statistics of accidents .
maintenance of personal files .
at present, the private sector provides various services for general public .
it has forced people from all corners of the country to think and ponder over this burning issue and brought about a change in peoples thinking about our traditional beliefs and customs which have been prevalent for many years .
various government departments regularly observe cleanliness fortnight .
today i would like to congratulate the friends at the kannur centre of akashwani .
aayan kumar banerjee from devi tola village of north 24 parganas in west bengal in his comment on my gov has written we celebrate rabindra jayanti every year but many people are not aware of the nobel laureate rabindra naths philosophy of living peacefully, aesthetically and with integrity .
the functions of the internal audit unit .
in most cases war heroes and their families encountered difficulties in finding places land to build houses even though encouragement with providing financial facilities are made available to get a suitable house built for living through the housing and concessionary loan scheme .
4 medawachchiya .
lets come together to make positivity viral .
i wish you many felicitations .
portable vcrs preventive maintenance .
using his example, we can learn how to bring more life to our own jobs .
it is a feature in the life of most of the successful players that they compete with themselves .
name ms smdk jayasinghe .
and when i say sankalp se siddhi, we can see for ourselves as to how a cleanliness campagin is advancing towards sankalp siddhi, that is attainment through reslove .
paying tributes to birsa munda and jamsetji tata is, in a way, salutation to the glorious legacy and history of jharkhand .
dismantled and installed the gates at new position .
today, through sheer hard work and a firm resolve, a thirty bedded hospital has finally come up at punri village near kolkata .
to commemorate the world children’s and elder’s day .
how could we realize our resolves before 2022 .
the identified land obtained through the above action is as follows .
development of hindu aranery schools .
rise and shine, .
we could look at this as preparations for diwali, preparations for navaratri, preparations for durga puja .
they have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen .
the festival of rakshabandhan symbolizes the bond of love trust between a brother a sister .
balance as as 31st december 2011 .
but, today, i want to have a discourse with you on a new topic .
the corporation’s loans and receivables comprise ‘trade and other receivables’ and ‘cash and cash equivalents’ in the balance sheet .
name mr uk mahipala .
friends, the fifa under17 world cup was organized this month .
i have heard about many such people including pune based sculptor shri abhijit dhondphale, kolhapur institutions nisargmitra and vigyan prabodhini, nisarg katta in vidarbh, gyan prabodhini of pune, and girgaoncha raja of mumbai .
progress of granting self employment loans trade wise .
what can be achieved with technology .
the process of sant mahatmas converging at the kumbh mela has already started .
awarding semi scholarships for educational and vocational courses .
•attention was paid to 04 main aspects that need be taken into consideration in the implementation of the official language policy viz .
bocdisable war heroes project .
and that was the period when all the stalwarts, that we hear about today rajendra babu, acharya kripalani ji, and others were all sent to the villages by gandhi ji .
some people are getting instant benefits from this campaign .
implementing the national policy on social integration via stakeholders concerned .
the bhil tribes of central india and specially those in madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh worship peepal and arjun trees religiously .
completed job description .
best presenter .
the following noncompliances were observed .
which show the power of unity, and how big results can be achieved by working together the month of august this year has become memorable .
if we talk of 201718, 55 percent of the total outlay of rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation .
name mrs v ganeshamoorthy .
official address zonal education office, akuressa .
they are sinhala and tamil sections .
the government is committed to prevent antibiotic resistance .
we have to scale greater heights of development for the sake of our future generations .
schemes like, pradhan mantri jeewan jyoti bimayojna, pradhan mantri suraksha bimayojna, with a small premium of one rupee or thirty rupees, are giving a new sense of confidence to the poor .
he was neither seen in the news nor in public life .
i was supposed to attend it, but could not make it, because of severe floods in chennai and other areas of tamil nadu .
this waste can be utilized in fields, and if you will remember that fields are green then you will remember what to place in the green litter bins .
payments due for building new ranaviru monuments .
my fellow citizens, my namaskar to all of you .
language training programme for nurses .
i am told this radio station also used to broadcast weekly news bulletins in english, hindi, tamil, bangla, marathi, punjabi, pashto urdu languages .
my dear countrymen, when we shall meet next time by then monsoon rains would be lashing every corner of the country, the weather would have changed, examination results would have arrived, the journey of education will begin anew and the rains would bring a hope, pleasant fragrance, a new aroma .
salmal landa teledrama .
official languages policy and its legal background .
we will soon register indias presence on the moon through the chandrayaan2 campaign .
one of them happens to be 19 year old jigar thakkar from gujarat, whose body suffers from 80 muscle atrophy just look at his fortitude, resolve perseverance .
however, an audit had been carried out by the ministry of indigenous medicine only in one instance in the year 2011 .
so, let me congratulate all my young friends for the same .
in other words, the guarantee for the race of development lies in the race of unity .
825 participating in community activities to promote social cohesion and to maintain a sustainable coordination with empowered women leaders, through meetings and lectures at district level based on needs .
2supplying plants and seeds for home gardening programme of the walbotale ranaviru village .
my dear countrymen, every indian today, is proud and holds his head high .
nearly 1000 interested public participated .
the festival of raksha bandhan is a festival of special significance .
on contract basis .
14092011medawachchiya women corp .
ridi reyak, .
many memories emerge before my eyes .
now, look at the gesture of village pradhan mohammad shafi, he arranged eighteen thousand rupees and got a toilet built within a week .
but, this time i have to leave for g20 summit and so felt in my heart that i should express my feelings in this regard in mann ki baat today .
i will suggest all the parents to be careful along with enjoying diwali and see to it that the kids should not get hurt or any untoward incident should not happen and we lose our child due to accidents .
assisting the management by reviewing, measuring, evaluating and reporting on compliance with the internal management system of services and functions carried out by the ministry and institutions functioning under it .
education scholarshipsgce ol,al .
and very specially to our neighbouring countries .
triangle shape .
in the coming days, we have plans to deploy such trash skimmers at other places also and the benefits of it will be felt by the people living on the banks of ganga and yamuna .
adalaj and patan ki raniki vaav baodi in gujarat is a unesco world heritage site and its grandeur is to be seen to be believed .
the country is indeed grateful for their contribution .
this project was commenced at a cost of 46 million and expected to expand urgently .
insurance – building other assets .
i invite all of you .
teams from all over the world came to india and all of them exhibited their skills on the football field .
so i requested a demonstration and a pleasant surprise was in store for me he mimicked the very exact way i converse with you during mann ki baat .
14 other receivables .
the management of obligations, and recurrent and capital expenditure, was further strengthened by issuing the national budget circular no 12014 dated 01012014 requesting all spending agencies to adhere to the annual provision limits in 2014 budget estimate .
name mr aud premathilaka .
on 19th february we will observe ravidas jayanti .
kodei vasandam .
his death anniversary or mahaparirvan divas falls on 6th december .
i want to remind you my dear countrymen that last year in our country, the media ran a special campaign and showed all the places where crackers were lying and told that it was not the right thing .
these days i get a lot of messages on phone calls also .
in 2022 when india celebrates its 75 years of independence, we wish that every indian has a house of his own .
name of the ministryspecial spending units .
home appliances .
oshin inauguration event, .
it was his vision that culminated in the establishment of the tata institute of science, which we know as indian institute of science today .
the security of these forts was the responsibility of the maratha navy .
today is also the birthday of bharat ratna and former prime minister venerable atal bihari vajpayee ji .
im also ready to do this on your behalf .
sriman naarayanan temple, ampara .
because when i was in gujarat, i had set this tradition of welcoming, by not giving bouquets, but books or handkerchiefs instead .
2 basis of preparation and adoption of sri lanka financial reporting standards ‘slfrs’ .
solid and not liquid food .
in where after constructing a toilet you can register your name and the name of the beneficiary family, who you helped .
crores of rupees would be spent on these committees .
it is a big occasion there which lasts for four days but this also has a unique significance in that it gives a very special message to society .
this is the worlds tallest scyscraping statue .
teldeniya zone .
today is the birth anniversary of veer savarkarji .
i also congratulate all those ministries of the government of india and also those ministers who turned this vision into reality .
lord vitthal safeguards the interests of the poor, the deprived ones and the ones who are suffering .
the main functions of the finance division .
but the pain remains that sardar patel, who lived for indias unity, strove tirelessly for it, had to even endure some unpleasantness on account of it, but never ever abandoned the path of unity .
on behalf of all countrymen, i wish her a bright future .
and today, i especially congratulate all the members of the indian media fraternity .
being referred for jobs and encouraging them for selfemployment .
the target for the year has been achieved .
i extend my best wishes to all my countrymen for the various upcoming festivals and celebrations .
thank you for reading exam warriors more than twice and special thanks for pointing out shortcomings in the book .
in comparison with other state sector institutions the corporation has not relied on any long tern loans to finance its operations moreover, it has maintained reliance on short term loans and borrowings at minimum levels .
my dear countrymen, right from the beginning since i have started the programme mann ki baat, i have been receiving a lot of suggestions on one issue, and in most of those, people have expressed concern about food wastage .
14 2 donations forigen .
i felt this girl is godgifted .
if you havent heard medvedevs speech yet, i shall urge you, especially young friends to watch this video .
i was reading your comments on narendramodi app and mygov and i saw that many people have written a lot about the prevailing water problem .
it is not for the government alone to maintain cleanliness .
it is an injustice to the poor .
housing project 3297600 .
namma sunday, .
8 paying cash for prizes to children took part in a concert and an art exhibition of preschool at perahettiya ranaviru village .
the education regarding importance of food is essential right from childhood .
these 300 million people can immediately become part of this rewards scheme .
compiling and selling of textbooks and guide books for the language proficiency tests of public officers .
d the above overtime and cargo examination fees had been paid in addition to the monthly salaries, incentives, and rewards paid to the officers .
the supplies unit too comes under the purview of the finance division .
financial assistance was provided through district secretaries for the rehabilitation of 30 temples in puttalam kegalle districts for deyata kirula exhibition and expenditure was made for 28 temples .
wages shown on paper are much higher than the wages actually paid to you .
web systems .
many regions in the state have been ruined by these communist terrorists .
the ganges and the yamuna have plentiful of water but there are many other places in uttar pradesh like fatehpur district where two small rivers namely sasurkhaderi got dried out .
it is now a full three years since i started speaking to you over mann ki baat .
this movement has been moulded as per local requirements .
thirteen years ago, on account of a delay in medical treatment, a cab driver from kolkata, saidul laskar lost his sister .
if you look around, youll find many daughters and daughtersinlaw who are performing extraordinarily .
the check post has become extinct after the arrival of the gst scheme and the movement of goods has become faster, which not only saves time but is also accruing benefits in the areaof logistics .
so, all of us should make the effort to ensure football reaches every village, street and alley .
generic medicines sold under this scheme strictly conform to prescribed standards set by the world health organisation .
he was an archer, and a pundit of gurmukhi, brajbhasha, sanskrit, persian, hindi and urdu and many other languages .
name mr wm jayantha wickramanayake .
guru nanak dev ji is not only the first guru of sikhs hes guru to the entire world .
they are spending their entire retirement time and whatever they have earned on working for the poor .
it was during this very year that our country has successfully accomplished the nuclear triad, which means we are now armed with nuclear capabilitiesin water, on land and in the sky as well .
a an internal audit unit had not been established in the institution .
hindu religious lectures have been conducted in temples and hindu religious institutions by the religious scholars .
shooting or wrestling, table tennis or badminton, it was a record performance for india .
officer in charge .
head office of the authority .
once again i have the opportunity of connecting with you through mann ki baat .
it was telecast on every sunday from 1030 am to 1100 am .
education services unit .
name of the land .
the human chain that commenced formation from gandhi maidan in patna gained momentum, touching the state borders .
i congratulate and thank those persons for their talent and skills .
programmes of this nature have been carried out at the divisional secretariats of badulla,matara,galle and kegalle districts .
a self employment products sales stall was opened at the dayata kirula exhibition 2011 buttala by the skills and economic development project at which products of 15 beneficiaries were on display for sale .
all material post balance sheet events have been considered and disclosed or adjusted, where applicable .
crops, livestock, infrastructure, roads, electricity, communication links everything gets affected .
these are portents of booming tourism in the future .
the worlds highest located polling station too, is in india .
this circle stands for the sacrifice of our soldiers .
we spend extravagantly in high places, without a single thought, but when it comes to our hardworking brethren, we quarrel with them over small amounts .
animal husbandry .
the number of staff members has not been increased though the number of programmes has gone up significantly in 2010 compared to those of its beginning .
bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness .
water management gates repairs .
the importance of selfless service, the importance of knowledge, or be it marching ahead smilingly, amidst the trials and tribulations of life, we can learn all these from lord krishnas lifes message .
yogahas broken barriers of caste, creed and geography to unite the people of the entire world, which is the very essence of the real sentiment innate to vasudhaiva kutumbakam that we have followed in letter and spirit over centuries .
other temples too can start the practice of distributing saplings instead of prasad during this rainy season .
it is also but natural that we remember his slogan jai jawan jai kisan .
it is a measure of its global importance that last year unesco has marked kumbh mela in the list of intangible cultural heritage of humanity .
july is the month when the youth step into a new phase of life, where the focus shifts from questions and veers towards cutoffs .
but vices are so widespread and deeprooted that even today there are people whose vicious habits refuse to die .
cassettes tapes in the library .
best wishes to our food providers, the farming brothers and sisters .
eight items of accounts .
holding a self employment products sale stall at the dayata kirula exhibition .
there are various categories of these gallantry awards like kirti chakra, shaurya chakra, vishisht seva medal and param vishisht seva medal .
how can we conserve each single drop of rain water .
deficiencies observed during the course of the audit were brought to the notice of the director general of customs from time to time .
hence when i became the prime minister, it was natural for me to turn towards a strong, effective medium .
e 300 million rupay cards in india, out of which 200 million rupay cards belong to poor families which have jan dhan accounts .
i did this and enjoyed it and in this way i made friends with a lot of birds .
young friends, i want to have a chat with you too .
post of project manager and administrative officer .
however, other related programmes are also produced .
i mean to say that beti bachao beti padhao movement has also developed in many shapes and forms .
distrest loan .
the most heartening aspect of back to village programme is the fact, that it was organized in such remote villages, where even officials had to traverse difficult terrain and climb mountains while walking on foot over a period of day or day and a half .
providing translation services for government and semi government institutions and compiling of glossaries .
accordingly, the ministry and its affiliated institutions and all district secretariats have commenced preparing language plans and training the officers concerned .
constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on .
in 2015, 02 teacher training programmes were conducted as income generating programmes and 68 teachers have been trained under the programme .
it is possible that you can teach them .
the introduction of dubbed versions of highquality foreign teledrama series such as “oshin” and “sujatha diyani” proved to be a tremendous success in winning massive audiences as well as securing recordbreaking income figures for the airtime belt of 630 pm, which previously had no market value .
sanitation ministers from countries across the world and experts on the subject of sanitation will converge and share their experiments and experiences .
spare parts – eng 11 .
but if we have to inculcate cleanliness as a habit, we must start an idea based movement also .
best actress .
accrual meadia activities of all project payable .
it is our responsibility to follow the path of equality and brotherhood as morals from his life .
this is honour to democracy at its best .
a even though preparation of financial statements is a normal duty of the financial controller, an additional charges amounting to had been paid to the former financial controller for preparing financial statements for the year under review .
this will perhaps become a big thing among friends .
compared to normal sporting activities, when the divyang play, in addition to physical ability and sporting skills, what are needed even more are will power and resolve .
now i feel as if im conversing with my family while sitting at home .
many thanks to all of you .
preparation of draft annual budget estimates in consultation with spending agencies and relevant departments of the treasury .
in memory of saint ramanujacharya, the government of india is releasing a stamp tomorrow, the 1st of may .
government hospitals .
our list of awards is a clear evident of that .
compilation of data base .
can artificial intelligence be used as tool to simplify the outreach of health services and modernize medical treatment .
there was an outrage in the conscience of one and all .
annex 03 .
advance to suppliers – for programme production .
under this programme, essential basic facilities such as rehabilitation of preschools, children parks, health facilities, elders' homes, community centres and supplying drinking water, rehabilitating bridges, roads, school buildings were carried out .
free from filth and poverty .
the details of the employees recruited .
electricity power .
i was just gathering data of the sowing of this crop season .
but dont you think that we should enter into the year 2018, remembering the positive events, to do some good .
unu kirigal kanden rukul pojjata .
science technology, agriculture health, mathematics management, economy environment, the entire spectrum has been touched upon .
accordingly, the steps were taken by the institute to give approval for conducting 296 classes for training 8880 participants .
2 division of monitoring and supervision .
special maintenance .
government service transfers of close relatives of war heroes .
the indian democracy welcomes the voters of the 21st century, the new india voters .
the day of bhagwan mahavir's birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance .
i extend my felicitation to you all, that may this beauteous and lively month of sawan fill all of us with new energy, new hopes and new expectations .
eye diseases akshi roga .
amount paid .
there is still some time for the monsoon to arrive, but the news of good rains has already brought joy .
the nation will reap these benefits in the days to come but some people have got benefits instantly .
hindu religious research conference .
04 rejecting acceptance of loans made by applicants since they were unable to obtain it as they had undergo surgeries suddenly .
the nonexistence of a permanent building to house the ranaviru sewa authority is the main problem encountered by the authority from in the inception .
and what was the objective .
the world cup was successfully organized and all the teams performed their best .
certificates and cash are awarded for the students who got the highest marks in national level and district level .
sometimes when we meet someone with different ability in the society then a lot of things come to our mind .
when, i cant say, but ill do it for sure you have every right as far as i am concerned .
for my part i wish good luck to all the village heads and all the sarpanchs for their dynamism .
they organise debates on topics of public interest, and hold essay competitions and rangoli competitions .
2012 provincial election, .
you must have noticed, that amitabh ji, the most popular actor of this century, has been wholeheartedly promoting the campaign for cleanliness .
all the members rose above party interests to make the monsoon session most productive and this is why lok sabha passed 21 bills and in rajya sabha fourteen bills were passed .
name mrs rms wasantha .
paid gratuity .
the government is running many schemes .
sports kits, mnrega job cards and scst certificates were distributed .
a language plan was prepared in line with the proposal received accordingly, departmental name boards, notice boards were prepared as proposed in the language plan and displayed in all three languages .
for the first time in history, a live “pirith chanting” was telecast at the sacred sri pada .
ibbagamuwa ranaviru village .
not many people would be aware that in our coast guard, not just men, but women too are discharging their duties and responsibilities shoulder to shoulder, and most successfully .
take the case of dengue .
then during last two weeks of october from 16th october to 31st october, three more departments, namely agriculture and farmer welfare, food processing industries and consumer affairs are going to take up cleanliness campaigns in the concerned areas .
your email .
for other countries of the world, a century may be of immense significance .
this is followed by the tyag chakra .
debtors turnover ratio .
medical program .
4 operating review .
twentyfour teams from all over the world will be making india their home .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago i happened to glance through a news item, it said two youths make modis dream come true .
in reality they are true karmyogis, who are selflessly engaged in public service, social service and, above all, in the service to the nation .
the person who donates rotis feels a sense of satisfaction also, the recipient also does not feel humiliated .
table 2 – the time analysis of lease payments .
in anecigarette, theheating of nicotinecontaining fluids creates a type of chemical smoke and this is the pathway through which nicotine is consumed .
my dear countrymen, in the previous episode of mann ki baat, we had decided to do something different this diwali .
the improvement of the financial results for the year under review as compared with the preceding year was observed as due to the increase of income in the year under review .
cost as at 31st december 2011 .
1 upgrade the 2mbps internet leased line to 4 mbps .
ten years is a huge gap but on 16th august our country and the whole world witnessed that there was not a gap of even a single moment in the common mans heart .
the tradition of public celebration of ganesh utsav is lokmanya tilaks gift to us .
6 financial other charges .
chhathh upasana is actually an occasion to pray to the sun god who gives us so much directly and indirectly that it cannot even be measured by us .
on behalf of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
select district .
see, our abhinav bindra very narrowly missed the medal and got fourth place in shooting .
for the school children of the special education units in vidyaraja vidyalaya in thavalama and mahabodhi vidyalaya in panangala .
a thousand years ago, he launched an agitation allowing their entry into temples and succeeded in facilitating the same .
friends, elections are the biggest celebration of democracy .
to give cashless trading a big impetus, government of india has taken a very major decision .
a request with relevant details, submitted to the management board for approval for granting mapiya surekum benefits to parents of war heroes who have died from nonoperational causes was turned down .
he was a supporter of a political ideology connected with the roots of india, he presented his own soul stirring political philosophy, the ekaatmmaanav darshan alongside the ideology to uphold indias great cultural heritage .
number of display centres based on tourists .
7national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
entertainment programmes .
in todays fast paced, rat race of life, at times we dont have time to think about ourselves .
annex 02 .
i invite you to write to me about your thoughts that i, as your representative, as your pradhan sevak should talk about from the red fort .
name mr lds priyantha .
many such institutions work hard to promote ganesh idols made from clay and they also propagate it .
he was also the chairman of the advisory committee on fundamental rights, minorities and tribals .
profit loss for the year 2012 .
cobe sarisara .
the following table shows the finance lease obligation that falls due one year more than one year .
it will be a very interesting campaign for everyone children, the elderly, the young and women and it will be your own movement .
granting community housing loans .
3 education, skills and economic development .
name mr ma rathnasiri .
heartwarming was an instance in ahmedabad .
my dear countrymen, there is a big opportunity for our younger generation between navratra festivities and diwali .
official address zonal education office, denuwara .
in addition to the above, this unit also produced special programs on national importance, such as the national independence day, victory day, collecting the new harvest festival ‘aluth sahal mangalya’ in a timely manner .
program administration unit .
consultancy committee has been appointed by the department .
a year ago, what the teacher had taught in the classroom, the whole scenario reappears in front of you .
11 janapathi jana hamuwa .
my dear countrymen, the 31st of october, 2018, is the day when the 'statue of unity',in memory of sardar saheb was dedicated to the nation and the world .
nov 1829 .
timely submission of observations on cabinet memoranda .
the children unit .
recurrent activities .
isnt it a silent revolution .
in every moment of his life, the message of love, sacrifice peace was palpable .
pulathisi diyaniya .
sivarathri festival conducted at sivan temple, ratnapura .
we observe name, fame and laurels when it comes to sportspersons .
letters received from the war heroes for securing help in solving problems such as getting deeds or licenses for the land they settled on and getting the approval for building a house are referred to institutions concerned requesting priority for them .
artiste’s fees .
you may remember that in the haripura congress session in gujarat, subhash chandra bose being elected as president is recorded in history .
i have been told about mamta sharma from bhopal .
but i have seen that there is always an emphasis on the topic of cleanliness .
ii the client debtors are generated at the time of supplying the air time on credit basis by the corporation .
this project has established a casual level mechanism to create a connected approach and thereby access justiceoriented institutions .
while the costs of these programmes are borne by the respective institutions,the objective of this programme is to deliver a more efficient service to the general public by providing the public officers with the language training .
he fought against oppression injustice .
this effort would rid of the problem of water logging .
courts in rajasthan have also taken similar quick decisions .
whoever, needed him, and wherever, gandhiji was present to serve .
lease interest vehicle loan .
divisional secretariat badalkumbura .
b distribution of rewards and expenditure control .
the collective torment on the loss of democracy was evident .
after all it was humankind that chose the path of conflict with nature and consequently earnt her periodic wrath .
150hour sinhalatamil language training programme .
programmes that won local accolades during 2012 .
now that these municipalities have received 4 times the money, it is quite natural that poor localities and slums will get better drainage facilities, better water supply and better aanganbari system .
as part of this exhibition, a new programme titled ‘dayata kirula gee taruwa’ was commenced in order to show case the hidden signing talents of children in the area .
i psychosocial support project .
it is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age .
given the current commercial and economic conditions, good financial management is indeed a challenging task .
and after some days we will celebrate diwali too .
name mr ggapremesiri .
tomorrow, on august 31st the deadline for this ordinance ends .
on the 23rd of march, bhagat singh ji and his comrades, sukhdev and rajguru, were hanged to death by the british, and we are all aware of that .
5 administrative expenses .
it is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches .
brain development is hampered by its consumption during adolescence .
up to 22082012 .
best education programme .
language training programmes students who have completed gceal examination .
financial progress of the administration division .
the magazine further observed that amidst that plethora of problems, if there was anyone who possessed the capability to unite the country and heal wounds, it was sardar vallabhbhai patel .
it is the essence of the emotions of the 125 crore indians wanting to come together and create a magnificent india .
work with external institution1 .
it is this unit’s responsibility to compare the program line ups scheduled with those of the other television stations and present the programs in an appropriate manner and also enter the programs to the lineup that are suitable for family viewing .
further, action has been taken to send the copies of this news letters by post to the language associations registered with the ministry .
of special interest were the haripura panels .
whoever wants to supply any item to the government, small things such as electric bulbs, dustbins, brooms, chairs and tables, they can register themselves .
i thank the people of this country and salute them for participating in this mahayagya against black money and corruption with utmost zeal .
this day imparts the message to protect the unity, integrity and security of our country at any cost .
26 focal point officers, who were selected subsequent to the gender sensitization programme series held in 2014, successfully completed a threeday work shop on promotion of gender .
expenses for elections presidential .
item of income expenditure .
special matters discussed .
ampara district committee meeting on 04082011 .
conducted at thirukketheeswaram, mannar from 13092014 to 14092014 .
job description .
these tools are made use of in the programmes organized by the ministry for implementation of the official language policy .
sri uththararamaya, passara .
fit india does not mean that if we go to the gym for two hours every morning and evening, it will suffice .
some must be engaged in teaching underprivileged children, others could be occupied in spreading awareness in the field of sanitation and health, while many could be doing society a service by working as doctor and engineers .
318 events after the balance sheet date .
progress of computer centers was reviewed this year as well and the progress and deficiencies were brought to the notice of the chairperson, the project manager and provincial officers in writing .
life is very precious .
these are moments that go way beyond winning and losing, wherevictory and defeat cease to be it is life that is victory .
now when we celebrate diwali, as i said, each of our festivals carries a message and teaches us something .
this programme has been designed to provide financial contributions, advise and make direction the upgrading the skills and technological proficiency in various fields .
we celebrated eid and ganesh chaturthi too .
file no .
for many families, in times of adversity, or on the demise of the head of the family, through the onerupeeinsurance,they received two lakh rupees in a matter of days .
distribution of scholarships according to district .
the times group newspaper vijaya karnataka started a new initiative urging the children to write a letter to the prime minister of the country .
you have done something that is exemplary and inspiring .
if it is a video, then share the video .
this forged a strong bond between sikh followers and kashmir .
baba saheb ambedkar is an inspiration for millions of people like me, who belong to backward classes .
in a few days from now, mahashivrartri will be celebrated, and that too on a monday, and when a shivratri falls on a monday, it becomes all that special in our heart of our hearts .
but, one thing is right that this movement should be encouraged and it would definitely be better if cleaning tonnes of waste are cleaned and and given as presents in place of other gifts .
appropriation account .
there are many who regularly go to hospitals to serve patients .
following programmes were produced as block bookings using studio facilities .
b the total assets to the total liabilities ratio of the corporation for the year under review and the preceding year were 13 .
this youth camp includes programmes to develop leadership and skills, lectures by university lecturers, music as a medium of social integration in establishing reconciliation amongst the youth, programmes on methods of teaching tamil, sinhala and english languages and avenues for youths to expose their talents .
special provisions have been provided for in this law for their education, facilities and also for grievances .
however, the government was able to limit the actual expenditure to 1370 billion, slightly lower than the original estimated 14708 billion .
she did it in honour of her father jasmer singh ji who sells lassi, at a stall in panipat .
nutritious food is most essential for good health .
our tribal brethren worship trees and plants and flowers like gods and goddesses .
examples such as prince kumar of delhi, whose father is a dtc bus driver, abhay gupta of kolkata who studied on foothpaths under street lights, bitiya afreen sheikh of ahmedabad, whose father drives an auto rickshaw, nagpurs daughter khushi, whose father is a school bus driver, karthik of haryana, whose father is a watchman or ramesh sahu of jharkhand, whose father is a brickkiln labourer .
when i started reading about the freedom struggle , it was then i realized that how much struggle was involved in getting india freed, how much sacrifices were given and how so many freedom fighters spent years in prison .
many of us may not be aware that the jawans of our security forces play an important role not only on our borders but they play a very vital role in establishing peace the world over .
salmal landa long drama, .
language ability for hindu priest and aranery school teachers .
people, who cannot endorse corruption and black money openly, resort to searching for faults of the government relentlessly .
5presentation of uttamapuja pranama medals .
today, muslim women can perform haj without 'mahram' or male guardian and i am happy to note that this time about thirteen hundred muslim women have applied to perform haj without 'mahram' and women from different parts of the country from kerala to north india, have expressed their wish to go for the haj pilgrimage .
name mrs gamsp ambanwela .
and, this was not confined to having just a closed door seminar, but the importance of cleanliness was practically demonstrated at warangal in telangana .
i hope you will go and see his paintings in the kranti mandir .
crediting money directly into bank accounts via aadhar aims at directly sending money to the beneficiaries .
gross profit .
if the family celebrates a birthday, certain auspicious day or observe an in memoriam day, then the family members with selfprepared nutritious and delicious food, go to the anganwadis and also to the schools and these family members themselves serve the children and feed them .
indias first inland waterway was launched in varanasi .
in a way, they nurture a microcosm of india at their respective places .
accordingly,144 classes were commenced in 2015 for 5598 participants .
this country can never forget ataljis contributions .
i came across some feedback that is very interesting .
our farmer brothers sisters have written on kisan melas, farmer carnivals and activities revolving around farming, being held across the country .
designation additional provincial director of education .
but it is the worst in haryana .
shri varun vishwanathan has also written on narendramodiapp that our athletes did a commendable job and that i should talk about this in mann ki baat .
i had invited everyone to join fit india, lead fit india .
guru nank dev ji firmly believed that any service done selflessly was beyond evaluation .
how many varieties of cuisines there are .
i was recently told that in ahmednagar district of maharashtra, the hivrebazaar gram panchayat and its villagers have addressed the problem of water shortage by treating it as a major and delicate issue .
people have shared information on traditional methods .
in the past 2 years three 03 cars six 06 vans were obtained on a finance lease, which effectively transfer the corporation substantially all the risk and benefits incidental to ownership of the leased items, are capitalized and disclosed as finance lease at their cash price and depreciated over the period the corporation is expected to benefit from the use of the leased assets .
number of families of war heroes who lost their livesmissing up to the year 2011 provincial wise .
name mrkajith thushara .
our most beloved leader, shri atal bihari vajpayee, the former prime minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us .
these efforts were also driven with hard work in their different ways .
june 1627 .
electricity – head office 75 .
about 1520 days before ashadhi ekadashi warkari or pilgrims start the pandharpur yatra on foot .
a few days ago, you must have heard that the versova beach in mumbai, which was infamous for its filth has now transformed into a a clean and beautiful beach .
my dear countrymen, agriculture makes a very major contribution to the fundamentals of our countrys economy .
in this story, the living depiction of the paradoxes in a poor farmer's life is seen .
nation building tax .
many governments came, plans were made to clean ganga, and a lot of expenditure was incurred without showing results for this reason there must be crores of indians like kumar krishna who have the same question in their hearts .
in order to facilitate this sectoral process, all ministries, departments, and other spending agencies were classified under sectors in the budget formulation, namely social security, human resource development, infrastructure development, real economy, environment, research and technology, public service delivery, defense and law enforcement .
bhawana programme was held for disabled war heroes at the sri sudarsanarama viharaya, polgasowita on 20122011 for their spiritual benefit .
service rendered or money paid .
designation accountant .
all other repairs and maintenance are charged to the statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred .
around 750 divyang brothers and sisters assembled at one place to do yoga and thus created a world record .
graphic material .
recording sound management and multi camera .
and our society is also increasingly turning out to be technology driven .
water bills .
tsunami fund .
i want to urge the youth especially that since you are very active on social media, you can do one thing .
my dear countrymen, every child in our country knows the importance of the 2nd of october for our nation .
carrying medical services to fiji, sending urgent relief, or delivering humanitarian aid during crisis to a neighbouring country our navy has always rendered glorious service .
intermediate diploma in national designs .
fences and fencing parts .
prior to that, the national languages and social integration unit functioned under the ministry of public administration, provincial councils and local government and democratic governance under the notification of the extraordinary gazette no189715 and dated 18012015 and prior to 08012015 the ministry had been established as the ministry of national languages and social integration .
distribution expenses .
i wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country .
kabir das ji laid great emphasis on social cohesion .
they showed me the pictures of how they had beautified the aligarh railway station .
let us share such websites amongst ourselves .
hence we made aware of provincial officers about all programmes, break down of allocation of provisions, provincial wise, and organization of these programmes in 2011 .
tableus depict the issues of social concern in a very artistic manner .
hospitalization and surgery insurance covers .
on account of the unwavering resolve of our countrymen, swachchata, sanitation coverage is rapidly advancing towards crossing the 95 mark .
product development is always encouraged and our engineers are ready for meeting customer needs in the health sector .
in the absence of research and innovation, technology will become a burden, just as still water stagnates and even stinks .
is his life not enough to inspire us in every corner of india .
police craftsmanship .
there are many such instances of students from deprived families who, through sheer determination perseverance overcame all odds and stood out to be beacons of inspiration to others .
thus, both booths were furnished with required computers and other accessories .
actually, when we refer to sardar patels endeavour, his role in the unification of just a few notable states is discussed .
when mother teresa, who served the poor in india all through her life, is accorded sainthood, it is quite natural for we indians to feel proud .
the programme on “media dialogue to promote coexistence” was conducted with the collaboration of the ministry of mass media and sri lanka media training institute .
to tell you the truth, i have no such secret .
recently, you might have read in newspapers, that a court in mandsaur in madhya pradesh, after a brief hearing of two months, pronounced the death sentence on two criminals found guilty of raping a minor girl .
name mr rd solaman .
4 systems and controls .
this jib crane system was repaired and modified by retired cameraman working in camera unit .
the three forces and the police conducted the traditional honor of guard the hon prime minister hon speaker religious dignitaries, parliamentarians, governors, chief ministers of provinces, secretary to h,e, the president secretary defence and government officials, joint chief of satff, commanders of the three forces, inspector general of police, heads of government institutions, members of the diplomatic corp, defense attaches of embassies, close relatives of he dead and missing war heroes and disabled war heroes were also present at this function .
usually, the months of july and august are very important for farmers and the youth .
an injury can also occur .
adjustment in deemed dividend 2011 .
like yoga connects body, mind, heart and soul similarly it is connecting the world now .
accrual telephone ranaviru rimem benivo project .
sitha nivana katha, single episode tele drama – telecast every poya day .
for me, every single voice in the nation is important but most important to me is the voice of the farmer .
he died in an accident .
preserving hindu religious tamil culture .
therefore i urge you to engage in anuspardha, or competition with self .
installation steel and cast iron gates and fencing .
mandela said this about bapu mahatma is an integral part of our history, because it was here that he used his first experiment with truth .
while this enables people to save time and labour, this also helps them to obtain the nic, the document essential to establish their identity as citizens and thereby get themselves socialized .
sant ravidas ji tried to explain the importance of labour and the worker throughout his life via his messages .
in a way, a mass campaign of public education gets underway through these ganesh festivities .
and that is why the minutest nuance of an expression or subject can be accurately described .
this time why cant we take the soil from the bottom of ponds for our fields .
but, a few years ago, when india used to talk about the severe threats of terrorism many people in the world were not ready to take it seriously, now that, terrorism is knocking at their doors, every government in the world, those who believe in humanity, governments having faith in democracy are seeing this as one of the biggest challenges .
come, i invite you .
wooden foot wear or padukas of great saints like saint gyaneshwar and saint tukaram are placed in a palki and pilgrims begin their pilgrimage chanting vitthalvitthal .
there is generation of renewed energy all around us .
zonal education office, jaffna islands, velanai .
under this programme, the language division conducted an awareness programme to the public officers, including chief official language implementation officer and the official language implementation officer of the relevant divisional secretariats on the implementation of the official language policy and afterwards it provided them with necessary guidance to prepare language plans and implement the official language policy effectively in their respective institutions .
coordinating the resources and the activities of ngo’s within the national policy framework and make them contribute as partners towards the process of development of the country .
best supporting actress nominee .
this program was among the top 20 programs of sri lanka rupavahini corporation since the first telecast and was maintained until the end of year .
i believe this to be a good portent .
but, for gods sake, please do not play with the lives of poor people .
through self learning, machines today can enhance their intelligence to a smarter level .
project officer .
thus, the radio programme “palamapalam bridge was broadcast on the commercial service of the sri lanka broadcasting corporation and the thendral fm from january 2015 to september 2015 .
even though the approved staff of the college had been 100, only a staff of 92 had been deployed .
but this is new india, where we accomplish goals in the quickest time possible we doubled our tiger numbers in 2019 itself .
assist, prepare and submit reports of the financial performance and management of statutory boards to the committee on public enterprises cope, when the cope meetings are convened by parliament .
we assume rajasthan to be a state with scarcity of water, but when someone sends a photo of menal waterfall, it is a matter of great surprise .
she was able to save around 1000 rupees every month .
development of lands insfastructor facilities .
but we are not stopping at that .
even a common man can download the narendra modi app and get connected to me .
the country will ever remain grateful to atalji for bringing good governance in the main stream .
who does not know of the sense of adventure .
this year when we are celebrating the 125th birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedkar then can we make 26th january a medium to organize debates, poetry, slogan competition regarding duties in our own schools, colleges, villages, cities and various organizations and societies .
setting up of a depository of details related to languages .
i am particularly inspired by bhagat singh, who achieved so much at such a young age therefore i request you that you tell something to the younger generation today on this topic .
my dear countrymen, we celebrate 5th september as teachers day .
vat control ac .
information analyzing and explanation .
cash can be transferred even with a phone with ordinary features .
single episode tele dramas .
earlier, as was the british tradition, the budget used to be presented at 5 pm because in london, parliament used to start working at that time .
tax is recognized in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity .
in line with sri lanka rupavahini corporation’s 30th anniversary, an awarding ceremony was organized for the staff members of sri lanka rupavahini corporation, who have completed a service of over 25 years .
the activities under taken during this assignment include looking after the welfare of the disabled war heroes and their family members, encouraging them to initiate self employment programmes as a measure of enhancing the economy, guiding for bhawana for boosting of the morale and spiritual wellbeing and presentation of cultural items for their entertainment with the participation of resource persons these workshops are held for two days at the provincial level .
drwijewardana mawatha .
it is double in height compared to the 'statue of liberty' located in the us .
any commendable incident from any part of the country infuses my heart with energy and inspires me .
3 payment of final installment for the construction of community hall building at perahettiya ranaviru village .
c to provide or assist in the provision of medical care to .
this unit produces programs catering to muslim viewers .
the types of gates .
for this, i would like to say that we have to strengthen the foundation laid by dr baba saheb .
the son of this hard working farmer gurbachan singh ji was to be married .
appraising the quality of performance of the staff in carrying out the responsibility assigned to them .
my dear countrymen, swachh bharat mission or clean india mission has become a success story not only in our country but in the whole world and everyone is talking about this movement .
name mrs mts de silva .
can we not contribute in this endeavour .
she says milkmen, newspaper vendors, postmen come close to our homes sometimes utensil hawkers and cloth sellers too pass by our homes .
the upcoming generations of our nation will always remember his priceless contribution in maintaining the sanctity of indian democracy .
the mission of the ranaviru sewa authority is to look after the welfare of a targeted group of beneficiaries identified under the specific category .
toilet pits in six houses were emptied and cleaned and the officers personally demonstrated that the used up pits of twin pit toilet can be emptied and then reused .
but this is a good initiative both for improving health and saving the environment .
duration of the training .
bridal dressing .
i have been observing how gst has impacted the transport and logistics sector .
at times, we are so familiar with our values that we dont feel there is anything new in them but we ourselves do not know that our family values are considered to be a big thing in the entire world .
my dear countrymen, for mann ki baat, i keep getting thousands of letters and comments from your side, on various platforms .
the weather is changing .
spectacular was the fact that they achieved this feat not inside an airplane but while floating mid air .
roles and daily responsibilities .
he ensured that not a single person would face a problem on account of water .
there is a lot of talk about duties during elections, but why not discuss our duties in general life too .
uniform to staff .
this faith and hope of the common people is going to ensure success in the cleaning of ganga .
i would like you to hear one such phone call namaskar, pradhan mantri ji, this is neetu garg from gurgaon .
after receiving the reports of remote sensing imagery and inter department coordination, the district administration took up the responsibility of soil and water conservation on a massive scale .
this happened in the vizianagaram district of andhra pradesh .
the leases of property, plant and equipment when the corporation has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases .
no of vehicles approved .
on the occasion of the birth anniversary of sardar sahab, run for unity will be organized throughout the country, which will see the participation of children, youth, women, in fact people of all age groups .
during the last two years 14 trainees who were referred to us by the national apprentice and industrial training authority naita and were under going training at this authority were recruited on contract basis and in 2011 out of them 10 were employed another 04 naita trainees were also recruited in this year .
51 preparation of financial statements .
10 participating at a function for handing over of deeds to the ranaviru families of the salawa ranaviru village .
in india also more importance needs to be given to our daughters along with increased awareness and sensitivity towards them .
01 compilation of ranaviru suwanda literature art festival items and preparation of application and approval for the way it is conduced .
the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages functions as the sri lankan partner of the project .
thus, as a great sage, he questioned every facet of life .
i congratulate all the state governments and the village heads they have gone about these programmes in a very novel way for the welfare of villages, for the development of villages and for the strengthening of democracy .
provisions for gratuity .
accordingly, it was unable to assure the fruitfulness of the utilization of vehicles .
and i had stated then also that this decision was so enormous that it would take us at least 50 days to come out of its after effects and only then would we be able to move towards normalcy .
what a wonderful journey of life he has had, only because he followed the route of competing with himself rather than competing with others .
a construction of a separate building complex for the postgraduate academic division .
1 national languages development programme .
i congratulate the friends in all india radio too for making their contribution in our foreign policy also .
in a way it is the beginning of two new schemes .
at the end of the programme, the preparation of an approximate action plan for implementation of gender sensitization programmes of their respective institutions took place .
payments for judges for competitions other than written competitions and auxiliary artistes .
you will be amazed to know that it took a journey of two days for personnel of the election commission, just to reach there .
it was a combination of hope, faith, a firm resolve and selfconfidence .
angili salakuna .
foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings and cash and equivalents are presented in the statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance income or cost’ .
money is deposited twice a year once in 6 months in respect of beneficiaries covered by the mapiya surekum programme .
specimen application form for unskilled labourers .
due to the unequivocal support from the people of india, today india is moving towards liberation from defecation in the open much prior to october 2, 2019, so that we may pay our homage to bapu on his 150th birth anniversary .
accordingly, arrangements were made to provide training for around 5456 public officers through 186 classes by the institute in the year 2015 .
these calamities are basically the result of the change in weather patterns .
short term investment bank of ceylon .
items included in the financial statements of the corporation are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates .
his birth anniversary is celebrated as teacher day across the country .
every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps .
and, i want to tell our small trader brothers and sisters that this is a ripe opportunity for them too to make their entry into the digital world .
under the programme of conducting oral tests for candidates who have passed written examination and second language in gceol examinations, oral tests were conducted for 44,047 officers who passed the written examination in previous years .
on this basis, 1300 words have been arranged in electronic version and provided for the 1st printing .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the national design centre as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards for small and medium enterprises .
a official receipt had not been obtained for the charges paid to the tourist hotel whereas bills had not been submitted in respect of actual expenditure spent for transport and incidental expenditure .
maintenance ranaviru monuments and parks and making payments .
and i'm glad that our government paid heed to this matter .
and today, in all humility, i wish to proclaim that there would not be a single soul in india who would not have unbounded love for our jawans, a sense of deep pride in the members of our security forces .
name mr hemapala gunawardhana .
sardar patel is the great personality who devoted his whole life to unite the country and, i think, he succeeded fully in this mission of his, he brought everybody together .
balance as at 31 december 2011 and as at 31 december 2012 .
my dear countrymen, we celebrate pravasi bharatiya divas on january 9th every year .
to elaborate, due to the nonidentification of the role and inability to make it a success through collective efforts causes divisions in the group .
do send in your learning experience, do post your stories, photos and videos .
someone is involved in the campaign of cleanliness whereas someone is helping out the farmers .
can our farmers, the sons of our soil make a resolve that by the year 2022, when we complete 75 year of our independence, they will cut down the urea usage to half of what is being used presently .
his life is an inspiration to us, our society and the whole country .
the ministry is situated at no40,buthgamuwa road, rajagiriya .
091 personal emoluments .
under the programme of uploading words in alphabetical order to the website, 5000 words have been identified and computerized .
now an independent pipeline has been constructed .
look what sandeep from haryana has to say, sir, i want you to do mann ki baat a weekly chore rather than a monthly program because we get very inspired by your words .
just a few days ago some one drew my attention towards bilal dar, a young man of 18 years from srinagar .
when i say fit india, i believe that the more we play, the more we will inspire the country to come out play .
repairs maintenance – garden .
lakshmi ji is continuously serving society with her knowledge of herbal medicines .
he has written that he wants to know about the birth centenary of dindayal ji .
the definition of peace has changed in the last hundred years .
it is during this period that days begin to lengthen and the winter harvesting of our crops begins .
i too am making a separate arrangement for their experiences on the narendramodiapp to ensure that you can read it .
today, indias flag is flying high not only on earth but also in space .
a complete layout of india unfolds in front of us when we talk about sardar vallabh bhai patel .
for me, it was an opportunity to meet myself .
every government in our country has laid stress on education and every government has made efforts for it in its own way .
we have adapted ourselves to myriad kinds of ideologies, different ways of worshipping and all types of traditions and imbibed the art of coexistential living .
tax – economic service charge esc .
commercial contra expenses .
1 ranviru community project .
name mr n nanthakumar .
the evidence required for the identification of these amounts had not been furnished to audit .
and that is why his birthday is celebrated as national unity day .
in addition, advertisers such as admasters, prime ads, grassroot pvt ltd and srimal advertising came to an agreement with sri lanka rupavahini corporation to settle the money they owed on installment basis .
as per the financial regulations, 1589 applications were authorized .
employees work on contract basis .
land and land development .
the aim of this gobar dhan scheme is ensuring cleanliness in villages and generating wealth and energy by converting cattle dung and solid agricultural waste into compost and bio gas .
conducting such events creates continuous awareness in social life rashtram jagryam vyayam means internal vigilance is the prize of liberty .
they returned to their villages and made people from far and wide aware on this issue .
sanda diya dothak a conversational programme with musicians .
i had heard about the farmers, of tohoo village in bhoranj block of hamirpur district in himachal pradesh .
garden products and toold .
page 2 .
the motive behind this scheme is making healthcare affordable and encouraging ease of living .
you will be pleased to know that in this programme, malaysia, new ealand, switzerland, portugal, mauritius, fiji, tanzania, kenya, canada, britain, surinam, south africa and america, and many other countries wherever our mayors or mps of indian origin exist, all of them participated .
undertaking common educational activities including sponsoring or initiating publications or other media presentations considered suitable by the commission on the status or use of languages concerned .
official address zonal education office, kebithigollewa .
motor vehicles .
the nation is always ready to move in the right direction .
it is not at all surprising that the indian air force has proved itself to be the cynosure of every citizens eye, through the display of sheer might in the skies .
please select .
similarly, one shri satya prakash mehra ji has written on narednramodiapp in mann ki baat, there is a need to focus on extracurricular activities, especially on encouraging children and youth to play .
waste to wealth should also be one of its components .
my dear countrymen, namaskar .
sant ravidas proposed that if god was present in every human being, then it was not fair to categorize him on the basis of caste, creed and other sociological demarcations .
this money is meant for the education of the children concerned and not for the enhancement of the family income .
children, the elderly, the youth full of energy and enthusiasm, women, girls turned out to participate in this battle .
but it is true we still have a long way to go .
once again, my best wishes to you all on the occasion of the festivals coming our way .
my dear countrymen, an audit and assessment of the performance of the present government in the last three years is happening all over on newspapers, social media or tv for the last 15 days .
an awareness programme under the awareness programme of creating awareness among field officers in the government institutions located in bilingual administrative areas under the instruction of the hon minister of national dialogues, was held for officers of colombo mmc and field officers of affiliated institutions on 20151130 at the auditorium of the department of training, mmc colombo .
we can say with conviction that the sun never sets in the world of yoga practitioners .
other financial liabilities .
have you observed the way i have frequently used terms such as the best ever or new, unprecedented record .
loss of lives cannot be compensated, but i assure the griefstricken families that in this moment of suffering misery, a hundred twenty five crore indians stand by them, shoulder to shoulder .
conducting language courses .
management development centre .
financial assistance to hindu organizations .
the president launched this radio channel .
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any movable or immovable asset and maintaining, leasing or renting or selling, mortgaging or otherwise dealing with .
my dear fellow citizens, i now wish to talk about something that will compel us all to think .
all of us shall celebrate the navaratrimahotsava, garba, durga puja, dussehra, diwali, bhaiyadooj, chhath puja .
thangavelu had lost his right leg when he was just 5 .
rejected number .
several youngsters went to the gallows .
and when i mention the glorious journey of these youth, i am reminded of neeraj jis line which sum up the raison detre of life .
this is a chance for the sports lovers to see odisha .
major equipment repairs 157 .
number of request letters received in 2011 .
chalking out plans and devising strategies was his core forte' .
how do we rejuvenate our traditional heritage which was lying inactive for 20, 25 or 30 years .
can we make an effort as a student to learn, understand and try to live as per the traditions, culture, attire, eating habits and beliefs of different states, different societies, different groups of our country .
once again, i appeal to all the citizens to adopt their legacy of yoga and create a healthy, happy and harmonious nation .
vinivida, nugasevana, .
holy well of sri maanikka pillaiyar temple, kiran, batticaloa .
providing security to people in kashmir is the responsibility of the administration .
my dear farmer brothers and sisters, today i would again like to especially share my mann ki baat with you .
medical aid for disabled and sick war heroes and children of war heroes .
tracking and evaluation .
my name is jyoti rajendra waade .
to hon minister of mass media and information .
and so, nearly 550 adults were taught by these children and made literate .
3 weligama .
8 net book value of assets .
my dear countrymen, on 1st february 2017, indian coast guard is completing 40 years .
if you couldnt wake up at the decided time in the morning and were thus delayed, now can you get up early on time .
general knowledge competitive examination for aranery school students .
one of the creations drew my attention and i want to share it with you .
if only for five minutes, give yourself a break .
all these groups and ethnic divides stand united and carry out programmes contributing labour with commitments .
last time too, i had requested all of you to upload photographs of the places you visit .
the methodology for the payment of rewards for commendable work, acts of bravery, or acts of special recognition in terms of section 45 of the excise notification no 818 of 04 march 1994 had not been made effective even by 31 october 2013 .
i remember afghanistan president shriman ashraf ghanis words on twitter tagging me along the people of afghanistan are extremely, proud of our hero rashid khan .
for india, 11th of november this year has a special significance because on 11th november a hundred years back the world war i had ended .
12 paying cash for a pirith chanting pinkama at the lunama ranaviru village on 03082011 .
people donate generously to the needy during this holy month .
design news sets .
name mr dm abeyrathne .
under the aegis of eat right india campaign, swasth bharat trips are being carried out across the country .
some people take mann ki baat as a monologue and some criticize it from a political angle but after a long experience, i now feel, that when i had first started mann ki baat, i had not given thought to the fact that mann ki baat would make me a member of every family in india .
a magazine titled salalihini watha, released on 21032012 in order to mark the 30th anniversary of sri lanka rupavahini corporation and that was a special contribution by the documentary unit .
there are strong emotions of widespread grief as well as anger across the country .
in our freedom struggle, the salt satyagrah at dandi was an important turning point .
earlier it was frequent .
when i talk of wonders in the engineering world, i am reminded of an incident of 2001 when a devastating earth quake hit kutch in gujarat .
everyone accepts this, cooperates in this and makes a contribution in realizing this .
provision as at 31122012 .
financial progress of official languages commission .
accrual plant, machinary equipment .
i had requested the citizens to call up telephonically and get their suggestions or queries recorded .
dec 0617 .
cash generated from operations .
jaffna–providing water and sanitary facilities for vigneshwara preschool located in wadewatta gs division .
this, i believe, is a healthy sign .
stage design setsprops .
we always feel the contribution of our teachers in our lives .
the media coverage of the london olympics from the 24th of june to the 15th of august 2012 was carried out with great responsibility .
i urge all of you to take utmost care of yourself and also celebrate the festival with great enthusiasm .
for centuries, everest has been throwing the gauntlet at humankind and for long, brave hearts have been responding to the challenge .
a motherly lady of about 84 years of age who is a retired teacher wrote that letter to me .
license to manufacture foreign spirits locally .
these are new methods of technology that are spreading in the entire world for cheating people .
lead this movement .
these days many guests from foreign countries have arrived in india .
deficiencies in systems and controls observed during the course of audit were brought to the notice of the chairman of the council from time to time .
to commemorate vesak .
the specialty of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation library is the way it is maintaining the information both in print and visual media for program productions .
now the identity of the awardee is not the deciding factor of the award, rather the importance of his work is increasing .
so the last game is significantly important .
i am talking about none other than chandrasekhar azad .
it used to be played in almost every state .
in the life of every teacher, there are incidents of simple efforts that succeeded in bringing about a transformation in somebodys life .
it is true, the basic principle of governance is that information should percolate upwards from bottom and guidance should percolate from the top to the bottom .
he was the first indian who set on a global voyage in a small boat without any modern technology .
meadia activities of all project .
iiranaviru village programme .
our athletes this time gave a creditable performance .
nowadays many cities in our country are witnessing cycle use and there are many people promoting its use .
the details of the parttime language training programmes conducted for public officers in the year 2015 are as follows .
shri prashant kumar mishra, shri t .
gluco six cricket tournament, .
donatoin for new computers .
65planning and development of curriculums .
scholarships from the kuwait govt .
well, the question has been posed by srishti, but it is a question that must be there in the minds of all of you .
the branches of grameen, that is, rural banks there getting 75 of their customers to make at least two digital transactions between january and march will get 50 thousands rupees rewards from the government .
the britishers not only made us slaves but they tried to enslave us mentally as well .
they should study as well, if they can do well in studies, they should certainly do so, but if they have the potential and the inclination to do well in sports, that should be encouraged and supported by the school, college, family and all the people around them .
the only people feeling uncomfortable would be the dishonest persons and the middlemen .
stock valuation is done on a firstinfirstout fifo basis .
the following instances of noncompliance were observed during the course of audit .
every drop of water is precious .
this daughter mallamma was adamant to have a toilet built in her house .
the vicechancellor informed the audit that sri lanka army had agreed for the write off of this amount .
and you must have observed today also that women are a majority amongst those who ask me questions or send in suggestions .
interacting with the spending agencies to ensure the effectiveness of spending .
for example, categories like thalassemia, parkinsons, or for that matter dwarfism have been included .
subsequent recoveries of amounts previously writtenoff are against distribution cost in the income statement .
the poor of our country will derive strength from this and we must do it .
unlawfully sale of liquor .
i urge my young friends, students to participate in this competition and make it interesting and memorable through their participation .
9 gampaha .
the new year is celebrated in different ways in different parts of our country .
navinna annonyadhara samithi hall, maharagama .
a bodaragama .
services rendered, .
mann ki baat, october 2018 .
produced other programmes .
government of india had organized a mega camp for divyang persons and a number of world records were established that day .
you also connect actively with this programme .
311national languages development programme .
when i asked, her father told me that she started reciting these shlokas since she was only five years old .
ajit bajaj and his daughter became the first ever fatherdaughter duo to ascend everest .
e conduct of training programmes .
this atmosphere has not been created by any political leader but by one crore families of india .
stock turnover ratio .
progress reports .
this amount in arrears represented 51 percent of the total amount of loans granted .
313 defined contribution plans .
in the monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach .
this is why diversity is the mantra of unity .
we become so emotional about getting the statues of great men erected but become equally complacent when it comes to maintaining them .
sri jayawardhanapura zone .
procurement of goods and services .
each every element of his writings comes alive .
the whole world is be wildered at the way they held on with courage and patience, without losing hope, despite the odds against them in the waterlogged dark cave .
wednesday, 23 august 2017 .
independence day special pooja kegalle .
something that swells our hearts with pride .
do not look at ayurveda and yoga as a means of medical treatment only instead of this we should make them a part of our life .
the attention of students steers from home to hostel .
i do believe that a single step towards freedom from single use plastic taken by 130 crore countrymen will give india a lead by a 130 crore steps .
the national languages project has provided infrastructure facilities for the sabaragamuwa provincial center and technical assistance for the programmes being conducted by the representatives of language associations in collaboration with sabaragamuwa provincial centre .
these books have been distributed to the government institutions on priority based requests .
perhaps, to express those sentiments ill run short of words .
this exhibition was extremely useful to enlighten the public about the welfare services and other programmes undertaken by the authority for the benefit of ranaviru community .
my dear countrymen, sardar patel integrated the nation with the thread of unison .
the objective of this project is improving technical and technological education and vocational skills of children of war heroes with a view to pave the way for successful employment in future .
3 ranaviru common welfare activities .
he actually extricated himself from the sting of terrorism and hatred and topped in the kashmir administrative examination .
total other operating income .
a two day training workshop for computer instructors at the computer centers of the authority scattered through out the island was held at the moratuwa university on 3,4 december 2011 in collaboration with the moratuwa university with full support of the vice chancellor, the dean of the information technology faculty and the staff .
05 establishing 14 innovative model centres in order to strengthen the process of implementing the official language policy .
c advances control .
in a similar manner, the onus is on us to maintain our tourist destinations and pilgrim tourism sites neat and clean .
main divisions of the ngo secretariat .
sardar vallabh bhai patel was elected the mayor of ahmedabad municipal corporation and he immediately selected victoria garden as a venue for lok manya tilaks memorial and this was the very victoria garden which was named after the british ueen .
it is said that the revered assamese saint shankar dev too was inspired by him .
health alerts .
payments to informants .
i firmly believe that your ideas and your views will continue reaching me in even greater numbers and will help make mann ki baat more interesting, effective and useful .
all these things are a sign that we are moving in the right direction and awareness has also increased .
of the above projects, five most effective projects were given financial provisions by the language division .
contact name .
classes for which approval was given in 2015 .
designation hon chief minister of southern province .
even though popularisation of new designs through the new showroom of the centre had been the main objective according to the action plan, the said objective could not be achieved as the showroom had been closed down in the year under review .
divisional secretariat galgamuwa .
we know that at home and at feasts and social gatherings, we tend to serve ourselves more food than we need .
the programme ‘ranga bhoomy’ aiming the students who follow drama and aesthetic education was telecast throughout the year 2012 on sundays .
the subject about which most of the people from across the country have written is our revered atal behari vajpayee .
mann ki baat, march 2018 .
the production services division takes the forefront in providing creative services required for all productions of sri lanka rupavahini corporation both in studio and at external locations .
there has been a major change through construction of small ponds in the fields at kabirdham in rajasthan .
in new york people did yoga at times square .
a programme to provide school equipment to school children of marginalized groups, who have a single guardian or lost their parents, has been implemented by our ministry in order to help them gain access to education .
the previous year is both a mixture of both positive and negative memories .
india not having a national war memorial used to surprise me, pain me .
annex 43 .
revenue of the corporation is accounted for on an accrual basis and interest income on investment is also recognized in the same basis .
just recently, someone gave me a book entitled premchand ki lokapriya kahaniyan, popular short stories by premchand .
v investments – lanka puwath .
web url .
the whole world observes this as world yoga day .
we have received quite a few suggestions from suchitra raghavachari from chennai in this regard .
on 24th january 'kalam sat' fashioned by our students had been launched .
i keep on urging everyone to buy some khadi items between gandhi jayanti to diwali .
once again, along with greetings on gandhijis 150th birth anniversary, i express my expectations from every indian, of one resolve or the other .
sabaragamuwa province .
many years ago, i visited andaman nicobar islands i went to see the cellular jail there .
he used to write poems on the walls of his prison cell .
2 psychosocial support project .
kallar majra came into lime light as the farmers there mix the stubble with the sand by ploughing their fields rather than burning the stubble and adopt the necessary technology for the process .
previewing monitoring chargers .
the amount of first six monthsjanuary to june .
music program .
this unit ensures that the daily transmission of all programs on the national channel, nethra, channel eye and ntv channels run smoothly and provides a balanced line up of programs to viewers .
sri guru nanak dev ji radiated his message to all corners of the world .
this number is larger than the population of many countries of the world .
this unit undertakes necessary makeup for the artists who take part in take part in the production program of sri lanka rupavahini corporation from 530am to 1030pm on a daily basis .
accordingly, all accounting officers were advised to establish proper systems to ensure commitments are made only within the approved annual budget .
it has been conducted on 19th and 20th of april in badulla for the hindu aranery schools youth in badulla and nuwara eliya districts, 5th and 6th of september in kilinochchi hindu college for aranery schools youths in kilinochchi, october at mankulam sivasatkunanathar achrama for aranery schools youth in mullaitivu, vavuniya and mannar and 22nd and 23rd december in ramakrishna mission hall, colombo for aranery schools youths in kegalle .
when emergency was imposed on the country, resistance against it was not limited to the political arena or politicians .
i would urge my fellow countrymen, who have heard gayatris message in my mann ki baat today, that it should be a message to all of us .
he stressed on women empowerment and respect for women .
it was the result of his selfless service to the nation that in a brief tenure of about one and a half years he gave to our jawans and farmers the mantra to reach the pinnacle of success .
my dear students, you must have thought of travelling to places during your holidays .
with a string of festive events such as govardhan puja, bhai dooj, laabh panchmi till kartik purnima this festival of lights goes on for quite a long period of time .
maintenance of the ranaviru data base .
the illustrious life of guru gobind singh ji, full of instances of courage sacrifice is a source of inspiration to all of us .
providing necessary funds for setting up of trilingual sign boards at government institutions with a view to reflecting upon the implementation of the official language policy is yet another worthwhile initiative implemented by the language division .
all these news exhibit the power to realize the dream of a clean india .
a overtime fund .
cocacola cricket pathway game events 3rd stage here 06 programmes were telecasted .
today there are landmark efforts, being embarked upon for waterways and ports in our country .
dear countrymen, as the time of mann ki baat draws near, a very large number of suggestions are received on mygov or narendramodiapp .
last time in mann ki baat i talked about organ donation .
my dear countrymen, this is not the pain of an individual person .
i read these myself and shall try to express them in whatever time i have with me on 15th august .
thirunagar, kilinochchi .
official address department of education southern province,upper dickson road, galle .
this year, 100 eligible tamil artists were selected to receive this award by the evaluation committee which was appointed by the department .
many years ago, when i first got the chance to go there, i could feel a certain vibration in that place .
one of these daughters is from north india while there is one who belongs to south india and then there is one from the eastern part .
if 125 crore indians take dutiful steps one after the other, they can make history but at least lets start with discussions .
last update .
tamil program unit nethra tv .
all programmes of the ranaviru sewa authority are operative at the provincial level and that process is based on the relationship between the provincial officers and the ranaviru community .
today, as we discuss festivities, preparations are under way for a mega festival in india .
we celebrate air force day on the 8th of october .
this quiz is an attempt to familiarise the youth with indias glorious history and the heroes of the freedom movement .
these are but living examples before your eyes .
in delhi this morning, the government of india had organised a very good event, run for rio, play and live, play and blossom .
peace, social harmony, unity, these are essential elements of a society .
i once again congratulate all our paralympic athletes and india is progressing in the direction of preparing an effective plan for developing our athletes and also the facilities for the paralympics .
india had earlier won the asia cup in hockey in the years 2003 and 2007 .
flow control preserving wide clear waterways .
he took a masters degree in social work and is now leading a silent revolution as a messiah of the disabled, working as an informed citizen .
noted world institutions have accepted that the country has taken strides in the area of poverty alleviation at a record pace .
preparing the monthly, quarterly and annual progress reports and submitting them to the secretary to the ministry, department of national planning, department of national budget, department of project management and evaluation and any other interested parties .
net cash used ingenerated from operating activities .
pannisai classes .
the heat that we used to experience in months of mayjune in our country is being felt in marchapril this year .
good news becomes the greatest reason and inspiration to do something good .
in a way, he is conducting a correspondence course for me even today .
we are steadily working on it .
come to think of it, recently an incident pertaining to a natural disaster attracted global attention, leaving every heart mind perturbed .
shilpa kukke from mysore has raised a very humane issue .
sale of sweets .
discussions current affairs .
my dear countrymen, i feel delighted to learn that the awareness about how to use technology, making epayments, making online payments is spreading very fast .
be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our air force for the commendable efforts of our air warrior .
nov 0819 .
the telecast hours of advertisements were 3482h .
the directors also confirm that to the best of their knowledge all taxes and levies payable by the corporation, all contributions, levies and taxes payable on behalf of and in respect of the employees and all other known statutory obligations including retirement gratuities as were due as at the balance sheet date have been either duly paid or appropriately provided in the financial statements .
there is no limit whatever that comes to your mind but only with a genuine wish, a noble intention, within the realms of harmony, and with complete dedication that too for the sake of enjoying that rare inner bliss, the core of swaantah sukhaayah .
327 conducting dialogues involving religious leaders and community leaders towards enhancing social harmony .
2 school going children of war heroes who have become totally disabled, .
during the freedom movement, mahatma gandhi also used to mount highly successful experiments to divert the strong energy of that movement towards constructive social work, whenever a lull was needed amidst the extreme intensity in that movement .
ii land project .
under the deyata kirula programme .
zonal education office, vithanage mw, colombo02 .
deepavali musical programmes, .
internal audit division .
my dear countrymen, mann ki baat has garnered accolades .
preparation of national budget estimate for 2015 .
the unique point in our constitution is that the rights and duties have been very comprehensively detailed .
schedulesdetails of calculations .
direct requests calling at the project 05 .
they have taken this campaign in a religious manner .
i invite you all to get connected to it .
air time analysis 2012 .
i would now like to connect you with its mathematical manifestation .
this startup india, standup india should not be limited to a few cities only it should spread to every corner of india .
veer savarkarji had written a book majhi jannmathep while in incarceration .
in line with the above initiative, 14 government institutions representing different sectors in sri lanka, selected under the fund of canadian government by the ministry, were entrusted with the task of building inovative models in impllementing the national language policy .
asian championship, .
besides, the soil quality also improved .
performance of the operational activities of this department is based on the broader scope of public finance management and planning of the ministry of finance and planning and overall mandate of the department of national budget .
avurudu udanaya monaragala covering 09 provinces, .
a arrears of income .
and, this is not only a loss for the families who have lost a son, a brother or a husband .
all ten champions of our country won medals in this tournament out of these, some players even won more than one medal .
insurance covers .
this being a hilly area, the farmers did not get a fair price of their produce .
citizens and administrators alike must move ahead in accordance with the spirit of our constitution .
cir stamp duty .
341 classification .
mann ki baat, july 2018 .
buddhist news – poya day – telecasting islandwide buddhist news .
similarly, lal bahadur shastriji generally insisted on conservation of trees, plants and vegetation and also highlighted the importance of an improvised agricultural infrastructure .
and within no time, there followed a slew of innumerable inspirational stories on social media .
housing development authority .
most people have derived political conclusions out of that .
see by week .
the objectives of these programmes are to teach the second language to the public officers for the purpose of implementation of the official language policy and to produce a pool of teachers capable of providing knowledge to the general public to acquire language proficiency,through the national movement of language associations .
3 udupila delgoda .
but, i just want to touch upon one more facet of ataljis legendary personality and that is the political culture which atalji gave to india, his efforts in the direction of bringing about the changes in our political culture, his efforts to mould it into an organized framework and which proved very beneficial for india and a bigger benefit will accrue in days to come .
2 lunugamwehera .
mann ki baat, april 2018 .
they were not just mere theories at present we witness at every step how accurate bapu's words were .
management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these financial statements in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards and for such internal control as the management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error .
financial obligation management .
skills development loans .
i view the fifa event as a great opportunity to establish india as a brand at a global level .
a little carelessness about cleanliness and accumulated water can cause death, which i believe is not right .
planning and operation of welfare services for the settlement of psychosocial and social issues faced by the family members of those missing, killed of disabled in action in the armed services and police in defending the country and the people and creating a mental awakening of those heroes presently in service .
wheel barrows, .
and that is why it becomes our collective responsibility let us be lovers of nature, protectors of nature, conservers of nature .
and by creating this vertical garden on the site of railway station, they have given it a new look .
sep 11 22 .
list of names and relevant details were furnished for the uttama puja pranama medals presentation .
the task for erecting a memorial for baba sahib ambedkar in the indu mill compounds had been stuck for long .
public management assistant .
tuesday, 01 august 2017 .
my dear countrymen, these days you must be hearing a lot about the padma awards .
b to provide houses and to assist in building those .
all of you must have celebrated deepawali with traditional fervour .
in the past, one thing came to my attention and it happens to be a very unique combination .
the graphic unit attached to the news division played a substantial role to telecast the news .
the reason may be that they are not able to watch t v, but they must definitely be listening to the radio .
test captain virat kohli batted extremely well and also provided inspiring leadership .
an atmosphere of positivity built on a self confidence filled with hope has pervaded all over .
the need of the hour is to revive the motherson relationship .
i am confident that our youth will definitely help me in this task .
so, avoid doing that .
41 providing facilities helpful to obtain language proficiency .
they connect the individual with society .
there must be hardly an indian citizen who does not show deep regard for her, does not revere her .
and i also specially request you to visit the place and see for yourself the works of gurudev rabindranath tagore ji .
the responsibility is to archive the files which are essential to the corporation .
as far as the economy is concerned, hundreds of families start making rakhis in small household units, many months before the festival of rakhi .
i congratulate the administration and the populace there .
can there be a bigger satisfaction than this .
many games also make us aware about our society, environment and other spheres .
what a wonderful life, what a dedicated mission .
i can very well understand the problems you are going through .
we must all develop this habit .
works and services related information can be obtained from works manager .
for production staff .
the following members are the members for 2014 .
salawa ranaviru village .
they are included in current assets as maturities are lower than 12 months after the end of the reporting period .
accordingly, 10,000 copies of “spoken tamil book” and 4,590 copies of “written tamil book “ were printed .
this 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs .
my dear countrymen, shriman dattatraya ramchandra bendre, gyanpith laureate and poet has described the significance of the month of sawan in this manner in his poem .
i extend my thanks to bangladesh also for collaborating with us in this initiative .
nov 23dec 04 .
this young monk of india, who shook the conscience of the human race of the entire world, imparted onto this world a glorious identity of india .
housing loan programme community .
supplied furniture to 2d 3d animation studio .
we recently lost 18 brave sons of our country in a terrorist attack in uri sector in jammu and kashmir .
name mr jayathissa block .
in such cases their details will be collected through applications and those details will be forwarded to welfare directorate for approval .
over the last few days, the festival of christmas was celebrated across the world with gaiety and fervor .
disabled and retired war heroes .
in a way, a wave of positivity which emanated from india spread all over the world .
but now we live in independent india .
just imagine, these luminaries gave us such a comprehensive and detailed constitution within a period of just less than 3 years .
overview 01 .
kelaniya–empowering programme for differently abled children .
and as i understand, if some one would not have posted the picture of belum caves in andhra pradesh many people would have never come to know that something like that exists in our country .
all the administrative functions of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation were carried out by the administration division under the guidance and direction of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation chairman, .
pawan acharya form alwar, rajasthan has sent me a message .
sri subramaniya swamy temple, rewon shoot division pallakedduwa, badulla .
dear countrymen, my heart is filled with joy because of this one thing .
the corporation had not prepared a procurement plan for the year under review .
we will keep meeting through mann ki baat, and will keep sharing matters close to our hearts we will join hands in taking our country forward with heartfelt vigor .
i not only reiterate this wholeheartedly but it is my firm belief that the journey of indias progress has been possible due to womenpower and on the basis of their talent and we will continue to march onwards on this path of progress .
in fact, it is a national loss .
office furniture equipment .
6 medagama .
less than 1 year .
124 accounts receivable and payable .
grant for capital items .
review the performance and the progress of these statutory boards, by analyzing and examining the annual budget, annual action plan, annual accounts and annual report etc .
we can turn beti bachao beti padhao into a mass movement .
disciplinary activities .
on this yoga day, since this was the third international day of yoga, i had asked you to share photos of three generations of the family doing yoga together .
directors of the corporation in 2012 .
kebithigollewa zone .
sardar saheb gave us one india, now this is our collective responsibility to develop a great india, a shreshtha bharat .
the most important step that has been initiated in this regard is the reorganization of the ranaviru sewa authority staff to make that structure more constructive and suit the modern requirements .
during this ramzan the villagers decided to get together and construct toilets .
thousands of people have expressed similar sentiments .
implementation of the national policy mechanism in relation to social integration at national and district level .
the presidents, prime ministers, celebrities and ordinary citizens of many countries of the world showed me on the twitter how they celebrated yoga in their respective nations .
starting with just 15 children from the slums near geeta colony in new delhi it is now being run at 12 places and two thousand children have been brought under its fold .
we have undertaken another project called cashless treatment in gurgaon, jaipur and vadodara to mumbai, ranchi, rangaon and mundiya national highway and it will be further extended .
there has been such bountiful crop this time in the fields of our farmers that every day has appeared to be a celebration of pongal and baisakhi .
name mrs lm weniton .
for providing importance to discipline, moral values and dhamma, reforming activity is being done from grade 1 to grade 5 .
akuressa zone .
you will be pleased to know that even today, residents of village mattur in shivamoga district of karnataka use sanskrit as their lingua franca .
three wheelers were gifted to 170 disabled war heroes .
2 supplying loudspeakers .
now, if all of us, that is, our armed forces, people in the government, fulfill our respective responsibilities sincerely, and all of us countrymen, each citizen make some constructive contribution imbued with the feeling of patriotism, our country will most definitely scale greater heights .
this amount is spent through the sainik kalyan board on the dependents of those who lost their lives and also for those who got injured during wars, for their rehabilitation .
conducting of written and oral examinations public officers, issuing of results and result sheets were carried out with the objective of assessing language proficiency of public officers and encouraging them to acquire bilingual language proficiency .
sunday spiceeye shufflecafé classis, .
and as they understand the truth better, they are now separating themselves from such elements and have started moving on the path of peace .
sunder ji, what you say is absolutely correct .
it is bent upon destroying the humanitarian forces .
in the 2019 loksabha election, india saw over 61 crore voters exercising their franchise .
in the same breath, i will add that do not let these remarks of mine be a burden on you .
under this scheme, you can deposit your gold in a bank and the bank will give you interest, same as you deposit your money and get interest from the bank .
knee implants cost has also been regulated and reduced by 50 to 70 .
vijayaba motor race, .
kapilawasthu tooth relic take in procession live telecast katunayake .
they have demonstrated that if you have the desire to do something and if you are determined towards that goal then success can be achieved despite all odds .
administration expenditure .
sri lankan government hospitals .
the department of official languages situated at “bhasha mandiraya” no3417, kotte road, rajagiriya is headed by the commissioner of official languages .
‘sarisara’ –the beach traveler is a popular documentary programme series produced by us .
in responding to any complaints received conducting self investigations and also taking remedial action as provided for by the provisions of this act .
ie conducting common awareness creation programmes and conducting awareness creation programmes for identified groups of public officers .
finance manager .
this disclosure is made to be in compliance with slas 36 provisions, contingent liabilities contingent assets contingent liabilities are disclosed in notes to the financial statements .
this programme provides the staff with the career guidance and assistance necessary for personality development .
please speak about this on mann kibaat now after listening to this phone call, i am certain that you would have been shocked and awakened and would probably have resolved not to repeat such a mistake .
if you refer to mahatma gandhi, lokmanya tilak, swami vivekanand, our former president abdul kalamji then you will notice that when they toured around india, they got to see and understand india and they got inspired to do and die for the country .
let me tell you about one of our daughters from kashmir who won a gold medal in a karate championship in korea .
71 countries, including india, participated therein .
my dear countrymen, in mann ki baat, all india radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination .
he lived till 103 years .
soyamu pilithuru .
the famous particle boson has been named after satyendranath bose .
some persons prepared drawings, made rangolis, drew cartoons .
these days special emphasis is being laid on accessibilities opportunities for persons with disabilities, our divyang brethren .
he writes, the 1st of february is the death anniversary of astronaut kalpana chawla .
this house has faced three earthquakes .
and do share your clean beautiful toilet photos with me on mylzzatghar on social media .
whatever the old dogmatic thinking might have been, but the society now must be freed from discrimination between our sons and daughters .
c a sum of had been paid to an outside individual, who had been selected without following proper procurement procedure, for preparing corporate plan for the period 2012 2016 .
customs overtime and cargo examination fees fund 2012 .
if we look at it in its collectiveness, in an organised manner, it comes across as a major force .
annex 40 .
12 trade receivables .
the gentleman does not wish to reveal his name .
national ranaviru day function was successfully held at the ranaviru monument at the parliamentary sports ground with the participation of he the president and the secretary of defence .
the best artist of the year .
the experiment must be positive and a little out of your comfort zone .
current affairs block vote .
4 deficiencies in systems and controls .
he lost the ability to stand on his own feet, but jawed ahmed did not concede defeat .
my dear countrymen, i always say, those who play, also bloom and this time, many young players making their debut have bloomed in kheloindia .
accordingly, the national budget department continued reviewing the requests for procurement of vehicles by various government agencies and given approvals .
atalji changed it .
you will feel the onset of a certain ease in your work .
the month of august also brings the memories of uit india movement .
feedback and monitoring programmes for resource persons .
in the rabi season of 201617, wheat production per acre increased three to four times and their income also increased by four to six thousand rupees per acre .
but, at times, in the background, there exist many things that are much higher, much greater than the world of sports .
098 ranaviru rimem benivo project .
01 inadequacy of remaining service period of most of the medical relief applicants being an obstacle in releasing loans .
charges for halls rs1040000 .
the wisdom of our ancestors is truly praiseworthy .
12,000 copies of “hindu pnachangam” were published and provided to people, temples and hindu organizations .
graphics material .
my dear countrymen, groundwork for 2ndoctober is going on all over the country and also the world over, but we want to transmute 'gandhi 150' as a task on the path of our duty .
also, they were directed to spend within the medium term budgetary framework that had already been approved by parliament .
workshop on the manufacture of the glue for school, cleaning liquid for toilet and hand washing soap, and entrepreneurship .
they are relevant inspiring even in modern times .
name mr mg nihal .
this is the true strength that drives a nation forward .
my dear countrymen, shriman prakash tripathi has written a rather long letter on the narendra modi app, urging me to touch upon the subjects he has referred to .
i urge all of you to quit the addiction to tobacco and do not harbour any misconceptions about ecigarettes .
money was needed urgently .
whether working in the field of cyber security, or dedicated to ayurveda, entertaining the society through music, or through poetry .
people will wait for the moon in a few days from now onwards .
i am very excited to welcome them and feel extremely happy .
sector of hindu encyclopedia .
loose tools .
while the service of a pool of expert resource persons is obtained in conducting the above island wide programmes, the staff of the institute has been working with a sense of dedication .
inhouse produced tele drama .
statement of cash flows .
losses on disposal .
compulsory tamil training programme for national integration coordinators under the programme of bilingual knowledge improvementstage iiv, days 10x06 .
437 pannisai classes have been conducted in kaluthara, jaffna, batticaloa and badulla districts .
savarkar along with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first war of independence with great fanfare at india house in london .
membership fees for professional executives .
11 3 fixed deposit interest income .
now, not in maharashtra alone but in each corner of india, ganesh utsav is celebrated publicly .
pastservice costs are recognized immediately in income, unless the changes to the pension plan are conditional on the employee remaining in service for a specified period of time the vesting period, in this case, the pastservice costs are amortized on a straightline basis over the vesting period .
legal fees .
whatever interaction with whomsoever i had on kashmir resounded with these views quite prominently and if i may try to summarise these views and comments, the gist and essence were unity and affection .
these ashram school students began training in august, 2017, covering wardha, hyderabad, darjeeling and lehladakh .
hotel bar license .
to make myself instantly clear, i shall cite an example from the field of sports .
social integration week .
so i call upon all of you today to defeat diabetes and free ourselves from tuberculosis .
i thank all of you once again .
favourable adverse effect .
i request you all to share your opinions and suggestions with everyone via mygov .
intangible assets .
name mrnkbagnarasinghe .
and for this, shrimaan amitabh bachchan ji is making a significant contribution as a brand ambassador .
blossoming of bright red jungle flame flowers, better known as tesu or palash heralds the advent of holi .
specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree .
studio 3 .
and both the states had a steady stream of great men whose lives and sterling contributions in every sphere of society is a source of inspiration for us .
i believe that we must be aware against such lure, must remain cautious and if such false communications come to our notice, then we must share them with our friends and make them aware also .
india is full of diversities .
accounting software .
682 hindu aranery teachers have been benefitted .
you can make a very big contribution in creating a cashless society you can create a fullfledged banking facility on your mobile phone and there are many ways now to run our business without using paper currency .
his principles are relevant even after several centuries have gone by .
and i will definitely share the positive thoughts that arrive on positiveindia hashtag positive india with the rest of our denizens in the next episode of mann ki baat .
b staff control .
on permanent basis .
and there is a saying tain tyakten bhunjhita what is given by him, allotted to you, you enjoy that .
the amount of last six monthsjuly to december .
let us forge ahead with a strong resolution .
all of us took up the responsibility and the result is that in the last four years or so, sanitation coverage has almost doubled and risen to around 80 percent .
the captain of maharashtra under21 women's kabaddi team, sonali helvi is from satara .
matunga station in mumbai is the first station in india which is run by an all woman staff .
we all like greener surroundings .
i had never even imagined that in our country especially the young generation has been doing this kind of work from a long time .
our body is made up of five basic elements and whenever we come in contact with these elements we get fresh energy .
this is an occasion for praying to shakti, unity in society is the power or shakti of the country .
on requests as and when received allocation for 2011 .
sister nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads .
i do it every time, but this diwali was an entirely different experience .
nominated as a best dubbed programme .
procurement related information can be obtained either from manager organization or supply engineer .
operation of the advance account as at 31122015 is as follows .
providing training for hindu priest .
what can be a bigger tribute than taking a vow that we shall tread the path of bapu and walk, as far as possible .
the first industrial policy of independent india, which came in 1948, was stamped with his ideas and vision .
the following projects are being implemented by the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs in keeping line with the government policy towards the creation of a virtuous society .
tv sets .
parliament passed the appropriation bill on 24 11 2014 .
income had not been estimated properly and as such increase of income of certain items against the budget ranging from 25 per cent to 44 per cent as well as decrease in the income ranging from 33 per cent to 1062 per cent were observed .
we have to do this together .
the country remembers and bows to those brave citizens, policemen, security men and each one who lost their lives then .
formulating policies, creating dialogues, guiding and facilitating in order to build a developed society with rights of all communities ensured, mutual respect and coexistence and implementing a relevant programme to achieve them .
they not only share their happiness but in the process receive happiness magnified manifold .
8 dompe .
live streaming .
it is considered an occasion to worship vidya, knowledge .
lokmanya tilak was full of courage and selfconfidence .
yoga for unity and a harmonious society conveys a message that has permeated the world over .
best trailer .
among those, the current political programmes are considered as major programmes .
maintenance unit 1 .
facilitating initiatives for social cohesion and transformation project is implemented by the development assistant institute of germany on behalf of the german federal ministry for economic cooperation and development in collaboration with the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages in sri lanka .
the hockey world cup will commence on the 28th november to be concluded on the 16th december .
in such a situation, the segregation and management of garbage is a very important task in itself .
but the concern you have expressed is genuine .
progress of offering self employment assistance – services wise .
nominated for best actor .
this circular is available in the marketing branch and those who are interested may contact marketing manager or can be down loaded from the following url, httpwwwgovtfactorygovlk .
official address zonal education office, dimbulagala .
in the year 2019, the announcement of prime minister's awards for excellence in the promotion and development of yoga was a matter of great satisfaction for me .
udhaya darisanam, .
the second painful fact was that the river was completely filled with wild grass and hyacinth .
lunama ranaviru village .
preventive health care is the least costly and the easiest one as well .
stage design .
as at 31st december 2011 .
313trilingual sri lanka programme .
yogesh dandekar from nagpur, harshvardhan ji from mysore, praveen nadkarni ji, divyanshu gupta ji have all asked me to say something about the monsoon in this session of mann ki baat .
new payments for 2011 .
even though the financial statements and the draft annual report for the year under review should have been presented to the auditor general within 60 days after the close of the financial year, only the financial statements had been presented on 26 april 2013 .
the objectives of language audits are implementing, examining and reviewing the recommendations .
it was resolved to double the number of tigers worldwide by 2022 .
less impairment of sundry debtors .
sometimes, kids become obsessed with celebrities, sonam did not have any such obsessions .
the letters which steadily pour in for mann ki baat, the inputs that are received are entirely different from routine government matters .
steps were taken by official languages commission to establish language circles with a long term objective of generating a trilingual environment in sri lanka through developing knowledge, attitudes and skills of school children with regard to the official languages policy .
i am happy that, you are a farmer engaged in organic farming .
for the functioning of the ranaviru sewa authority, financial provisions are provided through the following sources .
of course you must have realized that i am referring to the test match between india and afghanistan .
it can be recycled .
yoga is not merely an exercise .
accrual news paper .
winter is on its way out .
creating office rooms using aluminum and wooden partitioning .
shriman santosh ji from mysore, expressing joy, has written on the narendramodiapp that under the lucky grahak yojana, he received a reward of a thousand rupees .
gst is not only the victory of integrity but it is also a celebration of honesty .
name mrbpthisara .
self employment traning programme .
but dear friends, you are my true soldiers, my true partners .
official address zonal education office, akkaraipattu .
15 deyata kirula .
accordingly, 65,050 meters uniform materials have been purchased in 3 stages and provided to 22, 857 aranery school students including 10,968 male students and 11, 889 female students of 13 districts of kandy, matale, nuwara eliya, batticaloa, kaluthara, jaffna, mannar, kilinochchi, mullaitivu,badulla, colombo, galle and ratnapura .
reformation of textbooks of hindu aranery school students .
sooriyagahawela koragahawela land .
1 purchasing prizes for preschools .
and i will request the state governments to take this forward .
sri veeraiyadi aranery school, .
the sacrifice, devotion and zeal of the jawans of our security forces occupies my mind and heart, my emotional universe all the time .
transport allowance .
there are some mountaineers who have shown that apart from possessing skills, they are sensitive too .
my dear countrymen, festivals are occasions that awaken a new consciousness in our lives .
is there not anything good happening around in this country populated by 125 crore people .
a three wheeler motor vehicles condemned had been left parked since 17 december 2011 .
having reviewed the corporation’s future financial projections, cash flows and current performance, the directors consider that the corporation has adequate resources to continue operations and the directors have thus adopted a going concern basis in preparing financial statements .
abp news has started a program called ye bharat desh hai mera .
under the auspices of this campaign starting from january 26, 2018, these women constructed 1 lakh 70 thousand toilets in just 20 days and made a record of sorts .
i am extremely thankful to young chinmayee for touching upon this subject .
3 welfare project for disabled war heroes .
manushya single episode drama .
i hold in high esteem, the election commissions of all states, security personnel and other staff members who contribute in ensuring strict adherence to free and fair polling .
may 2016 usher in lots of joys in your lives i hope that new zeal, new excitement and new pledges may take you to new heights .
for this purpose, training was provided to 04 officers of the department .
this state has a small area but it has attained a grand success .
raviji you have given a good suggestion, but please dont get angry with me .
renovated it unit .
in this basis, the fund was provided to 67 aranery schools of 18 districts of kandy, kegalle, colombo, ratnapura, kilinochchi, batticaloa, trincomalee, jaffna, vavuniya, puttalam, kaluthara, mullaitivu, badulla, nuwara eliya, matale, kurunagala, galle and polonnaruwa .
culture and the arts .
in order to find a solution to the problems caused to those learning sinhala or tamil as a second language, a research book was formulated to facilitate them under the name of a “a hand book to write official letters in public service” and it has been given to be printed .
in many states, people run meal campaigns on certain dates .
it gladdens me to see many places associated with illustrious sons of india being developed in delhi .
in the national capital of delhi an india africa foreign summit is being organized from 26th to 29th october .
some products are made out of stainless steel with better finish .
publication of new year panchangam, gopuram, panpadu information books .
name mr smam saddhamangala subasinghe .
this is amply demonstrated by the dwarapudi gram panchayat .
the live telecast of news headling from 555am to 625am is also another production of this unit .
this event provides an opportunity to learn about the values ​​of different religions and cultures within the same community .
you will be glad to know that the productivity of lok sabha remained 118 percent and that of rajya sabha was 74 percent .
department arranges research related to hindu religion annually with this year research on the heading of “thiruvathavurarum saivaththirunerium” was conducted from last 18th july to 20th july at saraswathy mandapam, bamblapitiya .
guru nanak dev ji always envisaged the welfare of entire humanity .
board meetings were held eight times during the year 2012 .
and my dear countrymen, you will be happy to learn that the administration and the people together did construct 10,000 toilets in hundred hours successfully .
and it is a matter of happiness for me that people share all the things with me .
program presentation unit .
your thinking will expand .
the activity identified by language circle is to display all boards including the school main board in three languages, .
i used to learn quite a lot from those young children .
he further states that despite both personalities hailing from diverse family backgrounds, they enriched the legacy and the history of jharkhand .
five studios and three outdoor transmission vehicles are utilized in the programme production process while 13 transmission stations established around the country are utilized in process .
i always press upon the ias officers of our government, who have reached such heights with their vast intellect and education that they should visit the nearby schools and colleges and share their knowledge for just two to four hours in a week your experience and intellect would certainly help the new generation to some extent .
12–day shortterm nonresidential training courses for public officers .
among the recipients of the padma award, shabbir sayyed of marathwada is known as the servant of gaumata .
the world will definitely make a study of it .
sending letters to all the community presidents regarding the housing aid .
lets see what happens when we place faith in the people of india .
and we are able to reach upto only 25,000 people who need it .
just a few days ago, i was watching the story of shriman yogesh saini and his team on the media .
sir, as you know, 31st october is sardar patel jis birthday .
31languages division .
money was spent on welfare services in the year 2011 with the approval of the management board according to the budget containing provisions for 05 areas of the authority and the media .
lecture series on hindu religion .
saarc international film festival .
distress loan .
toilet pit emptying exercise was carried out in hyderabad on 17th and 18th february .
had the house functioned properly, there would have been comprehensive deliberation .
there are certain people in society, who find no solace till they do not express their frustrated views, their depressed views and seek ways to divide rather than unite .
a budget for the year under review had not been prepared .
my new india youth should come forward and deliberate on how this new india would be formed .
2611 is our constitution day but how can the nation forget that on this very day nine years ago, terrorists had launched an attack on mumbai .
our government is committed to the welfare of divyaangs .
cover of standard sizes, .
the second type of waste is like old newspapers, cardboard, iron, glass, cloth, plastic, leather, polythene, broken boxes, rubber, metals and other kind of waste are all dry waste or litter which can be recycled by machines but cannot be directly used and has to be placed in the blue waste bin .
this is indias unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture .
such emotions arise when we see the enormity of our nation .
and, atharva veda, written thousands of years ago, is the most authentic guiding scripture about nature and environment .
sometimes they will spend 40 days on the seas in one go .
table 3 issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
20,000 copies of the sinhalatamil alphabet books were printed as per the recommendations of the report of the committee appointed for identifying strategies for enhancing language proficiency of the public officers .
sometimes i say that the government employees to be karma yogis or selfless workers .
sunday, the last sunday, at 11 oclock, even i used to be uneasy, with a nagging feeling of a kind of emptiness you too felt the same, didnt you .
i noticed something else this time one is that we clean up a place, and the second is that we become aware and do not spread filth .
department of buddha religious affairs joined with department of hindu religious and cultural affairs is conducting hindu buddhist integrated programme with the guidance of the ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs .
annex 34 .
in india, citizens are contributing in this campaign in their own way .
his paintings have been on display in european countries, in russia and in america .
statement of financial position .
threethal musical programmes, .
if we think about sydney, australia then the picture of opera house comes to our mind .
value of payment of installments in respect of housing aid prior to 2011january to july 2011 .
according to me, this was a one of a kind programme where the public directly entered into a dialogue with the government .
the language division identified various programmes related to the social integration week annually declared by the ministry .
1ranaviru remembrance week .
local programmes workin progress .
programme for preparation of the syllabus for step i and ii of the 60hour tamil language programmes intended for the national integration coordination officers recruited and a total of around 05 such programmes were conducted in 2015 .
ranga boomi .
she hails from a small village tenda gaon in balasore district where most of the population is scheduled tribe .
in 1989, at the age of 72, he was appointed the force commander for an operation in namibia and he gave his services to ensure the independence of that country .
d management audit circular no dma200902 of 01 september 2009 .
on behalf of our countrymen, i commend the indian army for this amazing commitment i also express my gratitude .
my dear countrymen, this warmth of emotion, this fervour that has been kindled in the hearts of our defence forces, our soldiers this diwali, should this be confined to only a few occasions .
03 inability of obtaining loans prior to the surgery .
come, let us do something on this occasion which may raise the morale of our armed forces .
from this amount 60143 hours were used for programs while 12695 hours of airtime was used to telecast advertisements .
658 c diulwewa .
daughters of the country have done her proud by circumnavigating the globe through the navikasagarparikrama .
08 programmes were conducted this year .
our ancient texts observe meaning, when ability and humility amalgamate in a person, whose heart will he not be able to win over .
we are still left with about three weeks for the international yoga day .
indias economy has in itself an element of social economics .
through mann ki baat today, i wish to share with students, my young friends, information on a very interesting competition i invite young boys girls to a uiz competition .
action plan, information related to programmes and photographs were exhibited in the exhibition stall allocated for the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs and the books published by the department, exhibits which reveals hindu tradition were also exhibited .
she rendered service in the fields of education and social service .
can we fill empty cement and fertiliser bags with pebbles and sand and use them to stop water from flowing out through breaches .
mannar–programme on peacebuilding and coexistence based on the experience gained by cultural and sports .
“cafe classics” – music program, old hits, live telecast .
come, get connected with me .
arvind rao from telangana, and many others have written to me on narendra modi app and mygov, urging me to speak on chandrayaan ii in mann ki baat .
holi makes us forget our rancours and gives us an opportunity to be a part of each other's happiness and glad tidings, and it conveys the message of love, unity and brotherhood .
chandrashekhar azad put his life on the stake, but he never bowed in front of the foreign rule .
this great symbol of peoples faith was locked up in the fort for hundreds of years, due to which the devotees despite a deep seated desire could not get a glimpse of .
name direct .
details of nanthi flags .
you also share good episodes .
production of tools and accessories relevant to the implementation of the official language policy .
in our country, respect for women, their status in society and their contribution has proved to be awe inspiring to the entire world, since ancient times .
we shall now have to look for technological solutions for these .
today this library is a beacon guiding tribal children on a new path .
in all the programmes of gandhi 150, let there be a sense of collectiveness, let there be a spirit of service .
not only the elders but children also have become aware about cleanliness .
it gives us such a great happiness and a sense of pride to know that the common man in my country has such a wonderful capability .
in the past few days the events in gujarat, the violence unsettled the entire country .
according to paragraph 2 of the treasury circular no pfps04xii of 28 august 2006, if audit committee of the corporation is not in operation, such committee should be established and ensure that the committee meets regularly and take follow up action on the recommendation of the committee .
anniversary celebrations and events .
1230 pm to 100 pm rupavahini diva puwath .
but on the birth anniversary of this great sardar, thousands of sardars, the family members of thousands of sardars were killed in the aftermath of the assassination of smt gandhi .
sri muthumariyamman temple kumbhabisheka festival, poondulooya .
shobha ji, thank you very much for paying attention to this shining example of indias pride .
and as a precise consequence of this diligence, there are clear indications that india will succeed handsomely in this endeavour .
the belief that service to humanity is service to god, is innate to us .
special donation .
emergency subsidies programme .
even the global economic experts who used to live in a world of their calculations would find this phenomenon to be beyond their limits of traditional wisdom .
how could we build an india of the dreams of our freedom fighters .
in 2015, festivals of this nature were conducted by the ministry in kandy, matale and colombo districts .
purchase of copy production tv right .
bradby shield rugby, .
one should do something for the sake of the country, society or just for someone else .
name mrkgnmpbnawarathna .
they have brought about a refreshing feeling .
can gold be converted from deadmoney to a live strength or not .
thousands of channels and newspapers in our country, i am unable to name them all due to time constraints, but they all have helped run this campaign .
after the broadcast of this show, a large number of people have been discussing about jim corbett national park .
one realizes after playing, despite not knowing the language of a particular state, oh we used to play this game in our state as well .
revered bapu, put forth his ideas on various subjects like farmers, villages, securing of labour rights, cleanliness and promoting of education .
the chairman had informed that initial action had been taken at present to discuss with the institution relating to the security bonds concerned and to take appropriate subjects for arbitration .
coordinating with the treasury and the institutions under the ministry and foreign funded projects to prepareupdatereview financial reports and budgetary requirements and finalize accounts .
a certain ngo decided to distribute saplings as prasad to the devotees, and the devotees were told that mata ambaji will keep on showering her grace, if they took care of the saplings, till their maturity into trees in their homes and villages .
today our monetary policy, start up india, stand up india initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs .
table 1 development of ranaviru database .
13 english instructors participated in this workshop .
this way, after mobilizing funds for twelve long years, saiduls mammoth efforts paid rich dividends .
i would like to bring to your attention a few things .
financial progress up to 20151231 .
this year, we the hundred twenty five crore countrymen are celebrating the thousandth birth anniversary of saint ramanujacharya .
you will surely feel proud to know that indias contribution is not limited to just peacekeeping operations but it is also providing training to peacekeepers from about eighty five countries .
and whenever we talk of the 65 war it is natural that we remember lal bahadur shastri .
03awareness creation programme among the officers of colombo municipal council .
i had appealed to those young people to think over how could they use their talent to indias benefit and do something in that direction whenever they found time .
senior lecturer .
can we join hands in one endeavour .
foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction .
they will circumnavigate the globe and return home, after many months .
here, every state, every region is replete with distinct festivals, generating a lot of interest in people from other countries .
a child suffering from an eye ailment .
local short film making programme .
fertilizer companies have been asked to buy the compost made out of waste .
it was a very important decision but implementation of that decision is equally important .
rambakenna oya project .
but with mann ki baat whatever i was taught, whatever i was explained and the experiences i had, made me realize that the power of the people is limitless and it far exceeds our thinking .
deputy manager .
all these addictions have to be avoided to be a part of fit india .
guru nanak dev jis 550th prakash parv will be celebrated in a similar manner in all the countries of the world as well .
surplus as a percentage of the income .
further to this, special pooja and cultural programmes were conducted in the temples in galle, mullaitivu, jaffna, puttalam, badulla, trincomalee, batticaloa, kilinochchi and polonnaruwa districts with the assistance of the department .
women’s day program .
my dear fellow citizens, this is not a small matter .
this deed is commendable indeed it also displays their commitment towards cleanliness and the environment .
the only mention ayush in some corner of the newspaper being a small department is once in 2 to 5 years .
director educational programme .
ensuring socialization by effecting changes in knowledge, attitude and skills of vulnerable people .
my dear countrymen, you mustve returned to your respective routines after the diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination .
making arrangements through salary and record division to get updated lists of names of parents who receive 25 of the salary and the cancellation the mapiya surekum accounts of parents who receive the salary .
your concerns are right but this just does not happen in punjab and haryana alone .
we remember him and bow before him on his mahaparinirvan diwas on 6th of december .
there were attempts to reduce the tension in the sociopolitical environment .
this was the period when, in the champaran satyagraha, kheda satyagraha, and the millworkers strike in ahmedabad, the deep impact of mahatma gandhis thoughts and practices was amply and clearly visible .
i am diksha katiyal speaking .
fiftyfour correspondents were recruited in the year 2012 by way of a threesession interview .
development of such divisions in an institution may result in a negative impact on the whole functioning of the institution, following a breakdown of the trend of satisfying individual members of the group .
miscellaneous items .
in many places the wages of the labourers is now being directly transferred into their accounts .
kapilawasthu tooth relic pradarshanaya, .
even this year, we should try to organize 'run for unity' in our village, town, city or metropolis .
repairs maintenance equipment .
f to set up industrial, agricultural or commercial ventures with a view to providing employment to the .
7 refurbish of ict unit started .
officers of the ministry and its affiliated institutions, representing sinhala and tamil mediums attended the workshop .
conducting audit and management committees .
still photographs current affairs .
5 wathupitiwala .
this mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, cooperation and continuum .
compilation of data base containing details of all beneficiary parents of mapiya surekum programme .
amawaka poya day religious programme in june .
cant a little emphasis be given on this aspect in skill development .
rebuilt the toilet of engineering division .
digana rajawella ranaviru village .
she was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor .
programmes and performance report .
the element of unity in diversity being indias speciality comes naturally to us .
submission of observations and comments on cabinet memoranda in line with relevant analysis of government expenditure .
annex 32 .
language road map can be introduced as a fiveyear strategic plan for efficient and effective implementation of the official language policy in government institutions .
i received a very interesting phone call and i had also not visualized from this angle .
if we follow discipline, then the waste bins that are going to be placed in these 4 thousand towns will collect dry garbage in blue waste bins and liquid garbage in green waste bins .
3 financial contributions for new year events .
as per the articles 18 and 19 of chapter iv of the constitution, department of official languages, as the facilitator for effective implementation of official language policy, is engaged in providing translations to the government in all three languages, enhancing the language competence of public officers, compiling glossaries and preparing textbooks and dictionaries .
terrorism and violence were so widespread there that his family had to leave their ancestral land and flee from there .
in 2015, islandwide programmes were conducted by the institute for students who had completed gce al examination .
stamp imp – administration division .
other receipt .
programme to promote friendship of puttalam district community members held on 24042011 .
survey research expenses .
special magazine on hindu religious general knowledge examination prize giving has also been published .
scan converter facilities .
like i said earlier, 3rd december is being celebrated as international day of people with disability .
this division consists of the master control room, studios, transmission, maintenance, information communication technology, power and air conditioning and civil engineering units which are further divided in to sub units based on their responsibilities .
name mrs um shiriyani kulathunga .
03 seminars on residential teaching method have been conducted for aranery teachers .
internal administration of the ministry .
this initiative will bring a fruitful result in the near future .
69 training and skills development programmes for the staff of the institute .
i do not wish that whatever i speak from the ramparts of red fort should just be the opinion of the prime minister .
094 maintenance expenses .
procurement guidelines 2006 .
and today when two youths of my country made india proud in the us, i thought of it worth mentioning .
all of us know that just the word cancer is more than enough to scare the world .
six of these young daughters are in the navy .
magazine programme, weekly live telecast .
registered temples, hindu religious organizations and hindu aranery schools in the department .
guru nanak dev, his teachings and blessings are very relevant even now and are a source of inspiration for humanity as a whole .
who would have thought that the mann ki baat will become a source of information .
d utilization of assets .
after the jallianwallah massacre by the british in 1919, rabindranath tagore was one of the legendary figures, who raised their voices in protest .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation news division .
everyday fifteen thousand people are going to receive rewards of one thousand rupees each .
when the player performs his best at the local level,only then, he also shines globally .
celebrate festivities, enjoy with enthusiasm .
divisional secretariat tangalla .
there are a large number of such persons who have brought in positive transformation in the lives of many people through endeavour at their own level .
director supplies .
compilation of a fact sheet adding psychosocial and economic information .
7 dreams, .
this time a number of competitions were organized on the theme cleanliness is service .
wattegama zone .
thursday, 17 august 2017 .
special spending units .
i salute him .
kekirawa ranaviru village .
special projects in 2012 .
applications were entertained from 2009 to december 2010 and winners were selected and categorized at various levels out of those applications .
exquisite works of great artists such as amrita shergill, raja ravi verma, avanindranath tagore, gaganendranath tagore, nandalal bose, jamini roy, sailoz mukherjee have been exhibited .
but if we are aware, alert and active, the prevention is also very easy .
36 depreciation .
i wish all these daughters, brimming with hope and trust, a very bright future .
today is the last day of month of april .
the country really needs support in these things where people need to go out and help each other and the ambitious target of one per million organ donation is a very productive steps taken by the government i feel that this topic is very important .
i would like to convey to parents that we do exactly the same with our children .
the various services rendered by the units and subunits of this division over this year have also been given in summary from below and this division is supervised by the deputy director general engineering .
the total airtime that the national channel telecast in 2012 amounted to 72837 hours .
i congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this republic day .
and the entire british empire feared these three young men .
b since there was a significant variance between the budgeted and the actual figures, the budget had not been used as an effective management control .
my dear countrymen, on the one hand, we take pride in yoga, on the other we can also take pride in our achievements in space science .
implementing the recommendations given in relation to the implementation of the official language policy in accordance with the national policy on the protection of human rights .
b a decrease of registration of traditional special practitioners had been revealed and it had been 129 in the year 2008, while in the year 2011 it had decreased to 68 and increased to 85 again in the year 2012 .
in a way, this is a saving for the poor, this is his empowerment for the future .
those had not been disclosed in the accounts .
accordingly, 04 divisional secretariats and 02 pradesheeya sabha are developed by the ministry as innovative model centres .
through his clarion calls dilli chalo, tum mujhe khoon do, main tumhe azadi doonga, netaji secured a special place in every indians heart .
very few people may know that india was the first country which sent a female police unit to liberia for the united nations peace mission .
painting is the main finishing method for all types of gates depending on the salinity of water the different painting techniques are used .
friends, dreams of making it big in life is a good thing, it is good to have some purpose in life, and you must achieve your goals .
we have formed a beautiful bond between us .
postgraduate degree economis .
under the programme of providing financial assistance for the rehabilitation of hindu religious organizations, fund was granted for the repairs of bahavan sri sthya saibava building and pilgrimage from ampara to kathiragama .
really, a tremendous work has been done .
auditing of unaudited government institutions located in bilingual administrative divisions .
and, as we all know, what terrible events took place after her assassination .
the long list of local as well as international awards and accolades we have won this year is ample proof for the recognition and appreciation of the national duty which we have fulfilled creatively .
name of the officer .
sports unit .
he has also mentioned that a few years ago they also got the award for the cleanest village of asia .
my dear countrymen, i had mentioned in last months mann ki baat that even amidst these hardships our farmers toiled tirelessly and broke last years record in sowing .
it is the responsibility of each one of us that in our own ways, observing our respective traditions and in tune with our respective family surroundings, we should strive to transform every year these 34 months into a festival .
completed no .
we shall meet .
this is indeed a remarkable tradition .
maintenance officer .
it is true that dengue is dangerous but prevention of dengue is easier .
i was surprised that the girl had memorized the bhagvada geeta completely but the most interesting thing was that she kept reciting the shlokas along with its english interpretation and its definition in english as well as hindi .
name mr wps wijesinghe .
accrual allowances .
in such an environment, when the common man comes to you talking about emerging hope, new zeal and events that have taken place in his life, it is not to the government's credit .
haburugala community center .
and therefore she wants me to provide some information on the recent launch of 104 satellites and the interceptor missile .
authorization of transfer of funds under fr 66 and 69 .
04 targeted beneficiaries .
at times it feels india is one such country which has a festival driven economy .
annex 17 .
and the most interesting point is that during that inaugural ceremony revered bapuji said that with the coming of sardar patel, ahmedabad municipal corporation has not only got a man but it has got the strength on the basis of which, building the statue of tilakji has become possible .
b the estimated production of tiles, bricks and other material by the 05 operating factories in the year under review had been 9,573,366 .
india has won gold medals in various tournaments and has been the world champion once .
v , fm radio, mobile, internet, facebook live along with periscope, through the narendramodiapp too .
i have seen that small children of the family do this very enthusiastically .
4 attending the inauguration of construction of community hall building at hunumulla navy ranaviru village .
refund ac .
just imagine the highest battlefield in the world, where the temperature drops from zero to 5060 degrees minus .
i thank you my dear countrymen .
sale of tv time – channel 1 .
whether it be people from the sports world, academicians, schools, colleges, universities, farmers, workers, officers, government employees, police, or army jawans every one has got connected with this .
3 operating review .
we see problems in daily life .
you must be playing cricket on the computer but the pleasure of actually playing cricket in an open field under the sky is something else .
there is no dearth of talent in our country .
in koppal district of karnataka, a sixteen year old girl mallamma started a satyagrah against her own family .
and the second one is that the limit under the anti defection law was enhanced from onethirds to twothirds .
national movement for language associations can be identified as a programme for acquainting the general public with the importance of implementing the official language policy aimed at creating a sri lankan nation enriched with equality and endearingly intertwined by the two languages .
be it check dams, watershed development, small lakes or the small ponds in fields, we need to save the precious waters everywhere .
youth programmes and performing arts unit .
preparing scheme of recruitment .
kantale zone .
ranaviru flage sales income .
special pooja and spiritual cultural programmes were conducted with the assistance of the department on 20th march at sivan temple, ratnapura in order to celebrate maha sivarathri fasting .
do you know why they had to resort to such a cowardly operation .
marketing division, .
one thing that all of us know very well is that wherever in india we go, whether to the home of the richest of the rich or to the humble dwelling of the poorest of the poor, during the diwali festival we can see a cleanliness campaign going on in every household .
visuals of chandrayaan ii lifting off filled our countrymens hearts with glory, zest and joy .
cant we share 5 of our positive life experiences of the past year .
many such examples are coming to light where direct benefits of this demonetisation can clearly be seen .
my experience of mann ki baat made me realize that the thinking of our ancestors was very powerful and had great authenticity in them as i have myself experienced them .
i wish all of you best wishes for good health, for this month of august imbued with the spirit of patriotism and for many festivals that have continued over centuries .
wallet simply means an epurse .
accountant, department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
commercial promotional income .
name mr waruna alahakone .
all functions of the secretariat for ngos have been organized under the following divisions in order to achieve the above objectives .
in the month of bhadra, paryushanparva is celebrated by the jain community .
arrangements were made through the skills development project, to link ranaviru family members with different government and nongovernment institutions to meet their identified necessities such as job opportunities, getting jobs confirmed, following study and vocational courses, enhancement of artistic talent, and participating in trade exhibitions .
official quarters of married officers 230,870 .
now, the air force is offering the option of permanent commission to women besides the short service commission, which i had announced on the 15th of august this year from the red fort .
and not just that, many people came to the fore and through their creativity and intelligence, exposed the rumour mongers, brought out the falsity of the rumours and established the truth .
ashwani ji has written i celebrate the festival, feel happy and smilei celebrate the festival, fee happy and smileall this is because you are there,i want to tell you today that you are the guardian of my freedom,my gift of joy is there just because you are therei sleep peacefully .
our space program has been possible due to innumerable young scientists of the country .
language associations registered in 2015 are 279 .
they have sent in some really good suggestions .
but for me the visit to south africa was more like a pilgrimage .
performance report for the year 2014 .
i had urged all to choose books over flowers in welcome or felicitation ceremonies .
list of new training programs conducted by department of excise for the year 2010 .
in the times to come, many programmes, competitions exhibitions have been planned .
the objective of these programmes is to create awareness on the responsibility and legal background of public officers with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in government institutions .
these officials also reached the panchayats on the border which live under the shadow of crossborder firing, not only this the officials reached the sensitive villages in the districts of shopian, pulwama, kulgam and anantnag, without any fear .
the current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the provision of inland revenue act no 10 of 2006 subsequent amendments .
and why should not things change .
friends, festival tourism has its own exciting attractions .
04 supported the organizing work and participated in the distribution of three wheelers organized by the disabled ranaviru welfare project .
cash flows from operating activities .
you are my inspiration and you are my energy .
boc ranaviru rimem benivo project .
although social integration week was not held due to the changes took place in the country in 2015, several parallel programmes, such as social welfare and educational programmes were held islandwide .
that is why i declared on 15th august that it is not just an agricultural department but an agricultural and farmer welfare department will be created .
also, his mantra swaraj, that is, freedom is my birthright should have the main focus thereby strengthening the freedom movement .
my dear countrymen, a few days ago, i read a very interesting comment on my gov .
221 finance leases payable current portion .
this unit is responsible for the president’s coverage including local and international official tours of the president the provision of technical assistance for the usage of the telepromptor at the speeches given by the president in special occasions televising the development activities taking place around the country and the excellent progress of these development projects, telecasting news alerts .
these are made out of mild steel sheets, rods, angles, galvanized iron pipe, and cast iron using casting, welding, and metal fabrication processes .
the tiger population in india is 2967, two thousand nine hundred sixty seven .
every citizen has a right to know about the status of the cleanliness mission in his city and the government of india has provided a dedicated telephone number 1969 for this purpose .
millions and millions of people from india and around the world congregate at one place .
this is what reinforces our belief that our nation will be clean one day, for sure .
we have to prepare a far reaching plan keeping in view the olympics in 2020, 2024, 2028 .
how should the country celebrate it .
last month our women players too won laurels .
g take action to minimize irregularities occurring in ayurvedic conservation councils and to build up a direct relationship with the council .
this project was put into action under the assistance of chairman of milco and intervention of sri lanka rupavahini corporation welfare society and his outlet was opened as another canteen where the staff could buy milk, short eats and other similar food items .
this signifies that ram ramayan continues to inspire and have a positive impact, not just in india, but in that part of the world too .
i congratulate our scientists, and all those connected with science on the occasion of national science day .
whether they be conveyed through photographs, in the form of a small story, or as a small video, i invite all of you to welcome the year 2018 in a benefic atmosphere, with positive memories, with positive thinking and with positive tidings .
mediacla clinic .
371 provisions – trade receivables client debtor .
local government and provincial councils .
today, i want to talk about javed ahmed he is 4042 years old .
pandit deen dayal upadhyay undertook the tremendous task of defining and elaborating upon the political ideology being followed by lakhs and lakhs of workers like me .
the research training unit perform their duties under the direct supervision of director general and its administration handled by the administration unit .
a gentleman shriman shashikant bhonsale, sharing his photo by the swimming pool, has written, my weapon is my body, my element is water, my world is swimming .
we shall have to take up this challenge facing our country, forgetting all barriers of casteism, communalism, regionalism and other difference, so that, our steps against terror are firmer, stronger and more decisive .
as a sum of deducted in connection with nopay leave from february 2010 in january 2012 had been credited to the deposit account referred to above, the noncurrent liabilities had been overstated by that amount .
organ donation can save many valuable lives .
director research training .
paragraph 221 a of the public enterprises circular no ped 12 dated 02 june 2003 .
i had never thought that there would be an opportunity in my life to touch the hearts of young people around the world .
in an ambience of love, brotherhood and humanity, we are about to bid adieu to the last month of phalgun and are eagerly awaiting to welcome the arrival of the new month of chaitra .
sinhala hindu new year programs .
today, if an inspiring personality is required for ably guiding our youth, it certainly is that of bhagwan birsa munda .
updating members’ information .
the value of 13 motor vehicles currently in use by the corporation had not been included in the register of fixed assets as well as the financial statements .
revered bapu had also remarked, i have nothing but praise for the zeal, industry and sacrifice that have animated the modern scientists in the pursuit after truth .
i am confident that you will all be a part of the campaign for liberation from the menace of single use plastic on 2ndoctober .
on the 8th of november at 8 in the evening, in my address to the nation, i had talked about launching a mega campaign to bring about reforms in the country .
the tradition of kumbh has bloomed and flourished as part of our great cultural heritage .
i myself will also be a candidate during this election .
advanced procurement notices .
divisional secretariat, ampara .
attention had not been paid to the possibility of identifying and settling those balances .
acquired or produced foreign programmes other than foreign films soap operas .
03 approval of the management board was granted to decide by a special panel on the monthly assistance that could be granted when a beneficiary is unable to submit a specific financial estimate for treatment .
a healthier nation that contributes to its economic, social, mental and spiritual development .
granting loans for self employment .
on the weekends ‘sadurangam’ a one hour political conference program, ‘vilaiyaattu manjari’ the sports programmes were also telecasted .
let me keep on listening to your thoughts, let me keep on understanding and cherish them .
nov 05 14 .
all signals indicate that our farmers have broken all previous records .
parahettiyagama ranaviru village .
the objective of this project is to grant concessionary the loans under housing loan programme in order to raise wellbeing of the ranaviru families economically and mentally .
focusing attention on capturing a large number of viewers, this unit produced many entertainment and single episode teledramas on varied themes and whilst producing these teledramas the unit maintained high standards from the inception of teledrama production and this is considered as a great achievement .
heartiest congratulations, beti shivangi .
in a few days from now, the new year of vikram samvat will begin .
i view it also as something that is going to shake us all .
the republic day will be celebrated with leaders of all ten asean countries coming to india as chief guests .
but yes, i surely am a yoga practitioner and yet some people, through their creativity, have made me a yoga teacher as well and 3d animated videos of my yoga practice sessions have been prepared .
photo gallery .
54 strategic maketing plan .
the year was 1998 .
i get a variety of letters, written by all sorts of people .
it is a natural journey from the self to the collective .
in the amrut scheme, we have launched a massive campaign and taken up initiatives to improve the quality of life in our cities .
carrying out special investigations whenever necessary .
arrangements were to ensure the members’ participation in the national ranaviru day ceremony .
these are discussed collectively in the country and across the world .
lata didi of course .
disable war heroes training programme .
the child who came 1st in the island from the grade 5 scholarships 2012 had also watched the nena mihira programme series continuously and the specialty was that she also participated at the workshop held at kandy .
fuel for generator .
he ensured the welfare of every section of society .
submission of observations on cabinet memoranda .
lack of officers who are well versed in three languages .
treasury bill interest income .
when i analyse this, you can visualise how heartening it must be for me, what a source of energy it is for me .
education project operating .
v mapiya surekum programme .
purchase of tele drama .
07promotion of national languages through mass media .
04122014 42014 incur expenditure within the revised budget estimates for 2014 .
in the beginning, when suggestions came in response to a certain episode of mann ki baat , one could discern words of advice, and you could read them too, so our team always felt that many people might have had this particular habit of proffering advice .
details of calculations .
it was observed that the budget had not been used as an effective management control, as the budget revealed quantitative variances between income and expenditure, and actual revenue and expenditure .
43conducting seminars and research on language usage and technology and providing recommendations and tools .
rivira media pvt ltd .
i congratulate all the states and union territories, who have promoted this campaign in their own way .
primary income generated from the sale of airtime and other peripheral incomes were recorded in conformity with applicable accounting principles and standards .
have you ever wondered what a poor man goes through .
nandhi flag is printed and issued to hindu temples and other religious organizations by this department annually .
daha ata sanniya shanthi karmaya .
she rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day .
overtime fund .
director film and dubbing .
instead of sugarcane, they have taken to such crops like fruits and vegetables that require much less water .
he was the only un peacekeeper, a braveheart, who was awarded the param veer chakra .
high court civil appeals .
we cannot evaluate the champaran satyagraha on the basis of the image of mahatma gandhi that we cherish in our hearts today .
aug 24 sep 03 .
hence, some positive efforts need to be made .
further, the average overtime duty of these officers per day had exceeded 20 hours .
it is imperative that the culture of transforming waste to wealth develops in our society .
the thought process comes to a standstill and that in itself becomes a burden .
this chhathh pooja is a very important festival in the eastern parts of our country .
the staff of the graphics and animation unit rendered remarkable service by creating graphic and animations for ‘ranaviru real star’ program and creating graphics and lettering for all educational programs and studio editing similarly .
2 financial statements .
the challenges that lie ahead grow ever more complex than those we have left behind .
she is proud of her daughters excellent painting ability .
and when people call them about there being leftover food anywhere, they collect it and put it to good use .
02 empowerment of physical and mental health .
i have found that it brings about a transformation in the life of the havenots .
the marketing programs production unit continued to produce the popular lotteries program, “hiru wiyana”, and other promotional programs for its clients while producing trailers and commercial tagging in order to give publicity for programs .
unveiling of ranaviru monument erected by pujapitiya ranaviru community ya on 09062011 .
what is a republic and what is a parliamentary system are nothing new to india .
on 26th january we celebrate republic day can we citizens and school and college students take up the initiative of cleaning the statue of any great men installed in our city, of cleaning the premises, we can do best of cleanliness and best of decoration on the occasion of 26th january .
i was surprised to know that despite being such a prominent center of tourism its close proximity from mumbai, electricity hadnt reached elephanta after so many years of independence .
this award would be bestowed on those organizations around the world, whose significant and unique contributions in the promotion of yoga you cannot even imagine .
707 hindu dharnachariyars have been benefitted .
providing translation services using state of the art technology and techniques is yet another specific role of the department .
there is a wonderful confluence of a sense of service and satisfaction .
you involve yourself physically for 2 hours, 4 hours with cleaning work and i request you to share your cleanliness drive photo on narendramodiapp .
that will fetch such terrific results that one could have never ever imagined .
or running errands such as lifting a hillock, or at other times picking up leftover leaf plates one feels a sense of newness in whatever he does .
official address zonal education office, hatton .
table 7 – a the policy for amortization of acquired or procured programmes and inhouse produced programmes .
district secretariat monaragala .
advances for purchases amounting to 100 per cent had been granted surpassing the circular provisions in the procurement of goods and services to ensure obtaining goods and services quickly and efficiently .
a uit india uiz is also being launched for my young friends on narendramodiapp .
why this discrimination .
to clear the stumps from the fields they had to spend 5,000, 10,000 or 15,000 rupees per hectare .
c recovery of loans .
organizing of the “sewa prabha 2012” ceremony which was held to appreciate and felicitate the sri lanka rupavahini corporation employees who won awards at the national and international television award ceremonies .
implementing relevant programmes in sri lanka with regard to implementing the official languages policy, monitoring the implementation of the official languages policy and taking policy decisions are performed by language division .
enhancement of the earning capacity of family members of war heroes according to their capacity and talents .
14 12day nonresidential sinhalatamil language training programmes for students who have completed al examination was conducted under the language associations national movement .
the way the school children took part in the entire endeavor was amazing .
i also appeal to the corporate sector to come out with ways means proactively for appropriate disposal of all accumulated plastic .
power and air conditioning unit .
power and energy .
the nhrc has not only protected human rights but has also promoted respect for human dignity over the years .
name mr t jhon qwintus .
empowerment is another form of self reliance .
you can imagine the kind of resources and manpower that was required for such a mammoth exercise .
they should impart to this as much strength as they can with their new ideas, technology and processes .
i want to thank you from the core of my heart for this decision .
our doctors have gained recognition for their expertise in the medical field, hardworking attitude and the ability to solve complex medical problems .
confirmation of balances relating to outstanding debts of 158 institutions .
provision of financial assistance for the building a bath room with a security fence for use of the disabled war heroes as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face in the day today work .
we are pleased to state that we will continue our task of creating a better living condition that care for the dignity of ranaviru community of the nation who have completed a very difficult but a responsible task with dedication that protected the supreme liberty, sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity of sri lanka and have ensured the protection and security of all communities while setting an example to other countries .
but what i want to tell you is the fact that this time i had an opportunity to meet those great men who had devoted their young lives for society fighting shoulder to shoulder with nelson mandela for the ideals of equality and equal opportunity .
regulating and evaluating the activities undertaken by the ministry and the institutions under it .
once, an interesting fact was brought to my notice .
you must also have been impressed by rabindra sangeet and his poems .
moreover, the editing of the visuals gathered through internet by the f t p technique .
now our schools are having toilets for girls as well as for boys .
a number of important bills beneficial to the youth and the backward classes were passed during this session .
best documentary programme nominee .
and such experiments are done by many people .
every time before mann ki baat, letters are received from people .
boils ulcers gedi vana .
land expences .
many other young people of our country will definitely visit your website and look closely at your work and will also be inspired by how they can be of use in different areas of the social milieu in their area .
table 5 – the employee loan provision as at 31122012 .
this was the time when the people of india, in every part of the country be it a village or city, the educated or illiterate, the rich or poor, everyone came together shoulder to shoulder and became a part of the uit india movement .
students submit themselves to the tutelage of professors vis a vis the shadow of their parents .
samayal gallery .
the prime minister of canada has shared on twitter a picture of him lighting a lamp on the occasion of diwali .
name boards, notice boards and information boards not being displayed in three languages .
if we leave the treatment midway, it can create new complications for us .
liabilities within the scope of ias 39 are classified as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss or other liabilities, as appropriate .
this method was applied as a part of cash flow management as the cost of vehicles could be distributed over 05 years .
devote yourself with all your heart into helping others and sharing their joys and sorrows .
i had gifted a rogan painting titled 'tree of life' done by abdul gafoor, to the former president of usa, mr barack obama .
materials, plant machinery, equipments, work and services required by government factory for provision of customer works, products and services are published annually under the registration of suppliers .
main news telecasts .
02 members of the police with at least 20 year service record 5 more year service period needed .
go to a destination and spend three to four days there then go to the next and spend a like duration there .
a soldier wrote to me mr prime minister, we soldiers have all the festivals like holi and diwali on the borders .
my dear countrymen, this is the last episode of the year 2018, we will meet again in 2019, and will engage in another episode of mann ki baat .
dear youngsters, can you please help me .
77 days .
a donation of three wheelers was made to the disabled war heroes under a joint programme of disabled welfare and concessionary loan project of the ranaviru sewa authority was held under the patronage of his excellency the prime minister and other distinguished guests including the commander of the armed forces, the event was held at the army grounds of galle face green on the 18th of november 2011 .
i was in a meeting with the tourism department recently .
peoples power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation .
national ranaviru day expenses .
b section 521 of the public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
complaint form .
grinding mill .
assistant commissioner of excise departmental .
you might have also observed that whenever we feel tired and exhausted, splashing a glass of water on our face has a wonderful rejuvenating effect .
i do know some young persons, who are active in such campaigns they have created mobile apps .
but we need to present this in modern language and integrate with modern arguments .
if we talk of rural india, so far 2 crore 48 lakh or say about two and a half crore toilets have been constructed and we intend to build another one and a half crore toilets in the coming one year .
dec 01 11 .
i request you all as to why should we not use clay in making ganesh and durga idols and revert to our old tradition .
sports, in a way, is a recipe that brings people together .
seminars and workshops for aranery school teachers .
2 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the digana rajawella ranaviru village .
see it for yourself, the whole ambience will be transformed .
treasury bill bank of ceylon .
digital name boards .
was this episode edited later .
the balances of the deposit account and the balance of the fund indicated improvement as shown below .
responsibilities and roles .
human resource development .
guard corporal .
whenever we hear the words nonviolence, love and forgiveness, the inspiring faces of gandhi and mandela appear before us .
c for renovations .
number of audit reports submitted 10 .
not just flowers, fruits too appear to be shining bathed in the sun rays on tree branches .
contact us .
you will be amazed to learn that tushar, an eight year old differently abled, divyang lad from madhya pradesh had taken a firm resolve to make his village open defecation free .
we consider that the steps taken by the ranaviru sewa authority to make its action plan more resultoriented for accomplishing its aim of meeting needs of war heroes is an achievement in 2011 .
employees who completed 20 years of service at the sri lanka rupavahini corporation were presented with gold tokens in appreciation on 2nd may 2012 .
may 26 june 05 .
renowned nationalist and tamil poet subramanya bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem pudhumai penn or new woman and is renowned for his efforts for women empowerment .
the unveiling of the statue of lord vishweshwara on the land of london is in itself a perfect example of the fact that the great men of india were very farsighted .
national institute of language education and training was established under the provision of the national institute of language education and training act no 26 of 2007 as a statutory body under the ministry of national languages and social integration with the objective of implementing the trilingual policy of the democratic socialist republic of sri lanka .
name boards made by using the letters .
in this novel scheme, during the harvest period, anganwadi workers collect a handful of rice grain from the people .
my dear countrymen when mann ki baat approaches i receive messages, letters and phone calls from all sides .
i appreciate the election commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy .
best current affairs programme .
sugar industry development .
vocational training authority briefed the youths participated in the camp on the trainings available through vocational guidance service and also took action to provide them with employment opportunities .
name mr alm cassim .
you may recall that even, in the recent asian games, indias performance was par excellence .
what im trying to infer is that in society, in the country, there are many who take on such roles .
telephone including rental .
officers members training pro .
udugama zone .
this time, in the india pavilion at the venice biennale, a very interesting exhibition based on memories of gandhiji was organized .
annex 27 .
the more you connect with us, our journey will gain greater depth, providing, satisfaction to one and all .
this is the most valuable capital and enormous strength for any country .
gurbachan singh ji had told the brides parents that the marriage would be performed in a solemn manner .
on behalf of our countrymen, i heartily congratulate the scientists at isro .
just as diabetes can be the root cause of all sorts of diseases, depression too, destroys all our abilities to sustain, to fight, to display courage and to take a decision .
out of the examination fees recovered from the parties who clear the goods for the deployment of customs officers outside the normal places of work on examination duty, 50 percent is credited to the customs cargo examination fees fund and that money is utilized for the payment of allowances .
cargo examination fees fund .
awareness programme for the hospital staff .
the air force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too .
club license .
every single month, every single day in fact, is a marker of one historical event or the other .
this is a prime example of the great transformation, which can be brought about through peoples participation .
he started the azad hind radio through a weekly news bulletin .
nov 23 dec 4 .
total number of employees of the corporation as at 31st december 2012 was 1006 .
but we still have to work to save our mothers and our children .
many famous personalities including actress raveena tandon became a part of it .
today, im saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the swachch bharat mission a successful campaign .
it is a matter of pride and honour that with its indigenously built 126 ships and 62 aircrafts, it has carved a coveted place for itself amongst the 4 biggest coast guards of the world .
we are seeking the full cooperation of all the states through which ganga flows .
and how can we refer to the maratha navy and not remember kanhoji aangre .
radhakrishnan ji .
whenever confronted by such difficult times, people do succeed in exploring and finding good avenues and solutions .
42 budgetary control .
my heartiest congratulations and many good wishes go to all of them .
shri prakash tripathi reminiscing about the emergency, has written, presenting 25thof june as a dark period in the history of democracy .
the freedom struggle which began in 1857, continued to be manifested in one or the other corner of the country till 1942 .
physical labour is getting reduced .
accrual office furniture equipments .
on this holy event i shall get an opportunity to pay tributes to lord budha in sri lanka .
getting inspiration from her sacrifice, people came forward and joined her .
that too echoed the same sentiment, and we believe that we should be ever grateful to those policemen police women, who relentlessly ensure our safety security .
slr 15 from income tax .
there has been an increase in the disgust towards squalor .
06 approach for the year 2011 project budget .
droping wattha land .
it appears to be a minor change but it reflects a vision of a healthy thought .
have we ever thought why water acquires colour in rivers and seas .
select offence .
but these days im experiencing something new .
physical progress .
job no .
noof temples and organizations .
the uit india movement was an important milestone in the indian freedom movement .
cant my doctor brothers and sisters spare just 12 days in a year for this service to the under privileged .
national events .
in 2015, the language division had been able to provide funds for 87 projects submitted by language associations established in different areas of the country .
thus, we are favourably placed for using technology .
as at 31 december 2010 .
there is one great speciality of our country the kumbh mela .
do shramdan, donate through labor .
it is a matter of great pride for all of us that rabindranath tagore and his memories are a shared heritage .
in 2005, there was a very heavy downpour in mumbai, which resulted in flooding, and even high tides in the sea, leading to terrible hardships .
i get to know so many things from you .
in this context, i offer my heartiest salutations to my dear countrymen for one very remarkable thing .
newspapers periodicals .
university of jaffna .
a few days ago i received a very detailed report highlighting the story of transformation of chandrapur fort in maharashtra .
just two days back, i have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the yoga day .
all employees of the corporation are members of the employees’ provident fund epf and employees’ trust fund etf, to contribute 15 and 3 respectively of such employees’ basic salary or wages, cost of living and meal allowance non executive employees .
for this is a tale of heroism, a tale of personal experiences, and i would be happy to bring you the stories of these daughters .
now that we are conversing about reading, then in some extension of media, i had read about the akshara library in kerala .
over 350 teachers and students participated and benefitted .
on television, we witness just one aspect of monsoon floods everywhere, water logging and traffic jam .
however, the christian and catholic religious programs, supuwatha and the magazine programme sudasuna, were produced under supervision of documentary unit along with the live telecast of easter christmas divine service .
my dear young friends, i had some preliminary discussions about startup india, standup india in my speech on 15th august from the red fort .
the festival of kumbh, to be organized in prayagraj, is expected to have footfalls from more than 150 countries .
walbotale ranaviru village .
yaadejalian, reminiscences of jalianwala bagh and 1857 indias first war of independence constitute the premises of kranti mandir, that has been dedicated to the nation .
a hand book containing the official language policy and related law was complied to be used along with the hand book of language guidelines on preparation of language policy in public institutions .
twenty two 22 technical glossaries including counselling and economics were finalized and uploaded to the department web site .
number of handicrafts products prepared for exhibition .
nallur annual theru celebration .
on behalf of the board of directors .
but generally due attention is not paid to this .
“rupavahini jathika pasala” commenced in 2011 and was telecast continuously throughout 2012, is a formal educational program produced by the unit and was dedicated to students sitting for gce al .
it was a great achievement that all the nominations for the documentary programs were from the sri lanka rupavahini corporation documentary unit at the award ceremonies .
099 concessionary loan project .
12 commenting on financial statements .
name mrs inwejewardana .
there has just been a single objective behind it restoration of peace .
renovated the main control room .
what happens is that kerosene is also being provided, so is cooking gas and so is electricity and then middlemen get a chance to usurp their cut from this .
yasa isuru teledrama .
unlawfully position of heroin .
progress of granting village housing loans graphics for year 2011 .
key divisions and locations .
preservation, promotion and propagation of hindu religion, hindu religious education, hindu culture and arts and renovation of hindu temples .
all of you must be knowing that our civilization developed along river banks .
on the other hand, it led to a major rise in the sale of khadi .
fellow citizens, namaskar to all .
the supplies unit, coming under the preview of the finance division, procured all the necessary items both capital and noncapital goods and services to support the production, direction and telecast of programmes on the main channel rupavahini, chanel eye nethra and ntv .
can you provide some information about that .
he ensured the merger of all princely states with the dominion of india .
there might be so many jamuna mani .
annex 18 .
the aim of this effort is to identify the different self employment projects specified to some areas in the country and educate the interested ranaviru families to be engaged in them .
your contribution is priceless for me .
i had once mentioned to switch off the street lights on a full moon night and enjoy the moonlight for an hour .
license insurance motor vehicles .
official address zonal education office, trincomalee .
i did get the benefit of that in my childhood i believe that we should infuse a new life, a new force into these organizations .
publicity propaganda .
do we not feel that water conservation must be a social responsibility .
letters were sent to community presidents informing of the national tree planting day on 15112011 .
sudarshan chakra bearing mohan, thousands of years ago, had amply used his wisdom, his sense of duty, his might, his worldview to avert war, to prevent conflict, a sign of the times then .
viii land of the corporation and lands of transmitting stations rates value .
this unit was responsible for producing and telecasting the live program ‘amadam sisilasa’ which was telecast on every poya day from 900am to 1000am under the leadership of the president and the current affairs units also undertook the live coverage of h e the president’s arrival at special occasions .
industrial and commerce affairs .
' ekta, we all are proud of you .
many forts associated with shivaji maharaj like sindhu durg, murud janjira, swarn durg, etc were either situated on the sea coast or were encircled by sea .
yoga has created a world record again this time also .
122 noncompliance with laws, rules, regulations .
special levy treasury .
we had, anyways, declared an important scheme in the last budget .
in essence, every citizen must discharge his civic duties and responsibilities .
we just saw how the terrible floods in kerala have affected human lives .
but in a unique endeavor in raipur, chhattisgarh, the state's first 'trash mahotsav' was organized .
and wherever he went he won hearts through his straightforwardness, humility and simplicity .
he dedicated his life in ensuring that food, shelter, education and spiritual knowledge reached out to people .
the biggest achievement of this task is that the government officials involved in this task will have immense satisfaction that they have done something which will bring about such a big change in the lives of the people and the village itself be it the farmers, poor, young or women, should such things reach them or not .
in studios and outside broadcasting unit, 05 nos of assistant directors engineering, 36 nos of technical officers and 12 nos of studio and outside broadcast assistants have been employed in 2012 .
recently, the president of france paid a visit to kashi, varanasi based shriman prashant kumar has written that glimpses of that visit were extremely touching, appealing left a deep impact .
during the festival season, our festivals, our culture, our traditions are focused upon .
1 taking necessary action regarding the letters received from ranaviru villages .
our young generation must know what had happened on the 9th of august 1942 .
this is a great initiative to go faroff from delhi to east, and this act is called act east policy .
artificial intelligence aids in making robots, bots and other machines meant for specific tasks .
come, let us try advance on the path of his ideals teachings .
if we have bad handwriting, and we want to improve it, we have to consciously practice for a long time .
in india, this has been accorded great importance for centuries .
dear countrymen, greetings to you for a happy new year 2016 .
anpu children home, muththaiyankaddu .
aug 22,23 .
sanda ranga madala .
mahatma gandhi international sanitation convention will conclude on 2nd october, 2018 with the commencement of bapus 150th birth anniversary celebrations .
radial gates are made out of using structural steel and stainless steels 316 l grade .
the task of fitting hearing aids to 600 hearing impaired divyang people in just eight hours was completed successfully .
mann ki baat also tells us that a 130 crore countrymen wish to be, strongly and actively, a part of the nations progress .
now it is going to be nearly two years on 2nd october and i can confidently say that one hundred and twenty five crore people of the country have now become more aware about cleanliness .
for the youth in todays age, along with studies, sports are also of great importance .
how can the villages become selfreliant .
review implementation of budget 2014 .
we have to walk together towards the path of development .
commercial production unit .
yogesh ji, i feel i should speak in detail to all of you on fit india .
and upon my mention, there were mentions of many innovative ideas to save food from being wasted that are being put into practice employed in many corners of the country on narendramodiapp and also on mygov .
kindly discuss this point in mann ki baat programme so that more and more people may get to know about this .
service level .
and we should express this concern on every public platform .
the name of the village .
respected prime minister sir, i am dr .
he stood firm against social ills such as untouchability .
p s no 2014325 third instalment part v funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
but, i am thankful to him for having seen the campaign in this way .
non – current assets .
around another 100 districts in the country have a similar dismal situation of skewed sex ratio .
he once said, if i have to choose between freedom and cleanliness, i will choose cleanliness first and freedom later .
documentary unit .
f collection of air time income .
it is so cold there that its near impossible for anything to decompose .
you are absolutely right .
india has always stressed on the importance of equality for women and the un declaration of human rights is a living example of this .
compilation of the hand book on implementation of the official language policy and legal provisions .
sensitizing the public about the noble character of hindu culture and magnificence of hindu art and architecture .
citizan charter .
signis tele awards .
during the year 2014, the department has given approval for purchase of 1496 vehicles and n0 of vehicles purchased by each category stated the table below .
a while ago, i had a chance to have an indirect dialogue, with young friends from karnataka .
boc general account .
accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer .
we should learn more than one language in a country like india .
10 held to maturity financial assets .
the additional fund requirements, especially for accommodating unforeseen incidents such as floods, draughts etc were addressed, managing the reallocation of funds within the approved expenditure ceiling, without submitting a supplementary estimate to parliament .
now, some people may wonder whether honourable president should inaugurate a radio channel .
4 scholarships project .
i am fortunate enough to have learned a few languages, but still there are so many languages that i could not learn .
b deposit account .
annex 39 .
yodha wawa .
what should be the logo for gandhi 150 .
last time on 15th august i had proposed the sansad adarsh gram yojana .
keep showing the tricks to your friends .
as a society, we need to understand the importance of human rights and inculcate them into practice this is the very basis of sab ka saathsab ka vikas' .
thirukkovil zone .
trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method .
submitted the following reports on time .
and when we have your active support, this fight becomes much easier .
the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs was established on 1st of january 1986, to preserve, promote and propagate, hindu religion and hindu culture of sri lanka .
govermant hospitals .
it will perhaps be difficult for us to forget the years summer .
name mr dmskarunarathna .
organizing programmes to exchange cultural and social friendship with fellowship schools which follow other mediums of instruction, .
repairs maintenance – other expenses .
since its inception to date in the 12 years of existence the authority has marched forward overcoming various obstacles and difficulties during this limited period of time but gained huge experiences that are incomparable .
my heartiest congratulations to all these players .
kaleliya adarsha kanishta vidyalaya .
these art panels have a beautiful past .
director news .
middle level .
every citizen and peoples organizations have a big responsibility .
panampattu talaimannar – kachchatheevu .
the board of directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these financial statements .
prakash rao .
this is the time which is peak season for colleges .
secretariat mullativu .
and he told me that he could mimic the prime minister .
i would also like to say that along with army officers and soldiers their families and their wives also make sacrifices .
hence the entire army community is receiving a wonderful message and i would also like to wish you a happy diwali .
never did it appear to us even once that we are not at home for the festivities .
annual report 2013 .
it is a reflection on the lofty collective demeanour of crores of people in the country .
investigating complaints received with regard to violation of the official languages policy .
number of cases filed by sri lanka rupavahini corporation during the year 2012 .
arrangements were made to provide housing aid to 38 persons in the anuradhapura district in view of the deyata kirula programme .
bangkok thailand .
almost immediately after its launch, our satellite has sent back some pictures .
interest received .
from 1st of november 2007, this institute has been functioning being affiliated to the ministry of constitutional affairs and national integration at no310, galle road, colombo 3 .
division wise financial progress 2014 .
this year gujarat has undertaken many projects like aamra van, ekata van and shaheed van as a part of van mahotsav and launched a campaign to plant crores of trees .
i extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff .
go to settlements in your neighborhood, go to nearby villages, but do this in the form of a movement .
6 galewela .
many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi .
this is the power of the masses and this is why i request you to come forward and help once again .
a provision for gratuity .
he has purchased a tanker and i have been told that he has already returned 2 lakh rupees in such a short span of time .
gazette notifications .
my dear countrymen, the month of october heralds, jai prakash narayan ji's birth anniversary, the beginning of the birth centenary of rajmata vijayaraje scindiaji .
gathering internal information .
the quiz program titled “suwa nena” was produced in collaboration with ministry of education coinciding with the “world aids day” .
my dear young friends, while we refer to science and the sheer perseverance of scientists, i have many a time said in mann ki baat, that the attraction of science for our young generation should increase .
the air force defeated the enemy at tiger hill by carrying out air sorties on their positions round the clock .
amount of expenditure for the authority funded scholarships – rs 233350000 .
name mr ahms bandara .
many topics were discussed in their company and their confidence was really striking it was inspiring .
various programs division .
68residential tamil language training programme for national integration promotion officers .
p s no 2014311 third instalment part iii funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
5official languages commission and its progress .
medicated wine license .
hindu cultural fund .
in terms of the cabinet decision of 31st january 1990, the national budget department grants approval for purchase of vehicles by government institutions all ministries, departments, provincial councils, local authorities and all statutory boards, corporations and government owned companies gocs whether under selffinancing or otherwise, had to obtain the prior approval of the committee for any such purchase .
but my dear countrymen, we do have to go a long way .
our farmers in meghalaya, in the year 201516, achieved record production as compared to the last five years .
4 lunama .
the main purpose of this initiative was to maintain these institutions as models that set examples to other government institutions related to this subject .
instead it was decided to send the government officials and their team on a seven days camp to northeast states like nagaland, arunachal pradesh, tripura, assam and sikkim .
chithrameny vairavar temple, jaffna .
this spirit, this dedication is a mission mode activity .
live programs telecast in 2012 .
granting loans for skills development .
a guru, a poet, a philosopher, a great warrior, guru gobind singh ji, in all these roles, performed the great task of inspiring people .
i convey my best wishes to our mens hockey team for this tournament and assure them that 125 crore indians are supporting them .
rightly speaking we had no direct connection with that war .
the good news for our young friends is that the fifa under 17 world cup is being organized in india, from the 6th to the 28th of october .
these minute stories encompassing a 130 crore countrymen will always stay alive .
documentary evidence not made available .
3000 copies of each1st and 2nd edition of “ gopuram” which consists of information about the department have been published and distributed and 1000 copies of each 1st and 2nd edition of “panpadu” which is department research book have also been printed and distributed .
income tax liability .
under jan dhan yojana, crores of poor families in india have rupay cards used scarcely earlier, after 8th november the poor people have started using rupay cards and this usage has seen almost 300 surge .
heartiest greetings to all countrymen on the festive occasions of rakshabandhan and janmashtami .
16 government grant for capital items .
some have written in detail about people facing difficulties and encountering inconveniences .
the festival of samvatsari is symbolic of forgiveness, nonviolence and brotherhood .
women programmes .
best supporting actor .
ayurvedic medical council 2012 .
representing the treasury at the committee on public accounts copa meetings on matters related to advance accounts .
bank overdraft .
badminton star kidambi srikanth has filled every indians heart with pride by clinching the denmark open title with his excellent performance .
steps are being taken to implement it next year .
account balance .
few days back, when i tweeted a photo of a vietnamese child doing yoga, it was such a sweet photo that it got a lot of attention from the entire world .
if we stay alert, abide by the prescribed rules regulations, we shall not only be able to save our own lives but we can prevent catastrophes harming society .
this, in a way, is a movement on preventive health care .
but sometimes when a calamity strikes during festivities then it is very painful and it feels even more .
07 staff of the ranaviru sewa authority .
the volunteers of jamiatulemaehindset a fine, inspiring example of unity for cleanliness .
but amidst all these turmoils, we have to march forward chanting the mantra of unity .
hanaya is 12 years old and lives in anantnag, kashmir .
a register of fixed assets had not been maintained for the assets purchased under the excise reward fund .
shikhar thakur has written on mygov that we could have performed better at the olympics .
the less privileged also put in all their efforts to clean their modest earthen utensils because it is diwali time .
issues such as cleanliness, road safety, drugs free india, selfie with daughter have been taken up by the media and turn into campaigns .
02 distribution of land .
followup programmes were organized in killinochchi and monaragala districts in collaboration with the trained women leaders and the si officers based in the respective ga offices .
name mr dma senanayake .
prior year adjustments deferred tax .
you too download apps of banks on your mobile phones .
namaste dear prime minister, you had said during the last summer holidays that even birds feel the summer heat so we should fill a bowl with water and place it in the balcony or the terrace so that the birds can come to have water .
computer hardware maintenance, sri lanka rupavahini corporation website wwwrupavahinilk development and maintenance and inhouse software application development carried out by ict staff .
the chola rulers possessed a very rich and sound knowledge of ship building .
slowmoving projects – reformulation or phasing out of all such projects that have been carried in estimates for several years .
mobile services were conducted in the ds divisions of ayagama, palmadulla and kiri ella in ratnapura district, hangurankethe and walapone in n’eliya district and hali ella in badulla district .
in the midst of immense and varied stress, all these individuals are working hard, maintaining a calm and composed demeanour, taking it as a yagya of service to the nation, an attempt towards a great transformation .
over 7500 public benefitted .
moreover, an extensive exercise on agricultural reforms is being undertaken across the country in order to ensure that our farmers get a fair price for their crop .
highways, ports and shipping .
noncommunicable disease in the south –east region .
every indian is proud to know how the world is accepting and getting attracted towards yoga .
my countrymen, i would like to say one more thing to you .
the target for granting self employment loans in 2011 was 25 and loans had been issued to 19 persons by the end of the year .
36 staff management .
if you manage to save a few people from malnutrition, it would mean that we can bring the country out of the circle of malnutrition .
diagram 2 issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
34 commercial production expenses .
actions was initiated to reactivate the inactive ranaviru community and the revival of community in the anuradhapura and polonnaruwa districts from august 01 to 07 2011 .
17 poya programme .
b action had not been taken to find out whether the depository institutions are in existence and those deposits had not been confirmed as refundable deposits .
further this unit was able to obtain documentary programs from china korea at no cost under the patronage of relevant embassies .
rupavahini state award ceremony and sumathi teleawards ceremony .
i request you to repeat this task in mann ki baat .
best make up artist .
a single game is known by distinct names at different places .
thank you very much for your phone call .
no adjustments have been made for inflationary factors affecting the financial statements .
in squash, boxing, weightlifting and shooting the performance of women turned out to be par excellence .
37 trade receivables .
sewapuri khadi ashram at varanasi in uttar pradesh was lying closed for 26 years but has got a fresh lease of life now .
for the first time constitutional safeguards guaranteed that the president could only announce the emergency upon the written recommendation of the cabinet, and that the period of emergency could not be extended more than six months at any stretch of time .
sometimes festivities help to heal wounds and sometimes they are source of renewed energy .
official address zonal education office, kegalle .
while these sinhala and tamil training programmes are divided into four categories as level i, ii,iii and level iv,the time durations of them are 250 hours,200 hours,150 hours and 100 hours respectively .
it would be impossible to express in words the story of the supreme sacrifice of bhagat singh, sukhdev and rajguru .
finance leases payable noncurrent portion .
b establishment of the reward fund under the tobacco tax act .
with the hard work of these farmers, the annual turnover of the society has gone up from 10 to 15 lakh rupees and with more than 900 families getting employment here, people have stopped migrating to other places .
my dear countrymen, today as we refer to netaji subhash chandra bose, that too in mann ki baat, i would like to share with you an incident from netajis life .
in order to uproot social ills in the state, the worlds longest human chain spanning over thirteen thousand kilometers was formed .
caring for that lone voter, for ensuring that he or she enjoys full opportunity to exercise the right to vote, personnel of election commission travel to distant remote places to make necessary arrangements for the voting this is the beauty of our democracy .
the provision for bad debts for employee loans has been made only for the outstanding amounts with respect to employees who are no longer in service either retired or resigned with sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
this workshop was conducted on 27,28, and 29082015 for the officers belonging to leveliv of the public service at trilingual learning centre in the city of jaffna .
there has been a surge in various modes of digital payment after demonetisation .
the other story that touched the core of my heart was eidgah .
i am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country .
52 language audits .
gulshan arora from delhi has left a message on mygov .
many rich people came and donated bountifully .
d to enable .
it was the map of an india that was divided into myriad fragments .
table 22 supplementary provisions for capital expenditure .
the best creation .
but the case of ecigarettes is quite different .
approved no of employees .
sandeep ji, what all will you make me do .
the ranaviru sewa authority has introduced this housing loan scheme to make the dream of house of the ranaviru families living in ranaviru villages a reality .
14 war hero honor and dignity division .
official address zonal education office, walasmulla .
in our country, we are traditionally imbued with a sense of symbiotic coexistence with animals, birds and nature yet it is necessary that collective efforts in this regard should be emphasized .
in 1947, when pakistani attackers resorted to an unprecedented attack, it was indeed our air force which ensured that indian soldiers and armaments reached the battlefield promptly .
we have taken several steps for surface cleaning and to stop industrial pollution .
nov 21dec 02 .
a few days ago, i got an opportunity to accompany the prime minister of israel to ahmedabad, gujarat for the inauguration of i create .
satellite cost .
esala poya day live telecast .
this is 8 percent more than the last record set up by our farmers .
5 education loan .
my second request to the countrymen is to share many traditional methods that have been in use over the centuries in our country for the conservation of water .
he says that organ donation should be a celebrated as a festival .
they traversed a multitude of oceans, many a sea, over a distance of almost twenty two thousand nautical miles .
she is into the business of making purses .
we have got an opportunity to render a great service to our nation this chance must not be missed .
dividend declared to government 5 .
an audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements .
reasons for closing down .
we became free in 1947 .
special jury award .
sinhala news set, .
the month of october is a month to remember so many of our titans .
and i have noticed that the kind of work which our department of tourism, our department of culture, state governments and the government of india cant do, that kind of work has been accomplished by millions and millions of indian tourists .
we know that whenever an indian achieves something notable, the whole country feels a new energy and the selfconfidence gets a boost .
the indian army has got two extraordinary brave women officers they are lieutenant swati and nidhi .
it is clear that those who wish to spread hatred en route to development, pose hurdles will never succeed in their sinister plans .
this world cup was a super event where the whole world was watching you .
management of 2014 budget .
she travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against sanatan dharma and ideology .
his zeal is commendable, but above all is the fact that an innocent man had to face such a predicament, his youth is in danger yet he harbors no grudge and no anger .
have you ever thought what changes would come in the lives of those kids who live in abject poverty when get the opportunity to play with you .
your life will be enriched .
institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
accomplishing all this while eradicating wasteful practices and financial irregularities was yet another remarkable achievement .
office equipment service .
it is not a test of what kind of life have you lived, how is the life you are living now and what is the life you aspire to live .
let us begin todays mann ki baat with a phone call .
they too, can interview such people, and inspire the young generation .
in 2012 also, there were lot of outside broadcasting events covered by using outside broadcasting 1 and outside broadcasting 2 and there are 66 outside broadcasting events have been covered .
in fact it in itself has given a new dimension to mann ki baat .
the marketing division operates under the purview of deputy director general marketing and in order to carry out its functions efficiently, the marketing division is divided into following main units .
we all hailed the commendable performance by our divyang players at rio paralympics .
annex 46 .
a few days ago i tried to do something different .
the distinction of having the world's highest statue fills every indian with pride .
avail dual benefits, its security and interest on the gold .
heartiest new year greetings to all of you .
it has its own benefits .
but, later, i received letters from all corners of the country many social organizations and many youth are already observing this in practice .
commercial high court .
as at 31 december 2012 .
needless to say that the real strength behind has been our viewers who embraced the national television network throughout these decades .
we should use each kumbh mela to make people aware of how we can increase our value for water, our faith in water how we can spread the message of water conservation .
the government has also taken many important decisions, wherein priority has been accorded to our farmers and villages .
the country should celebrate his centenary year as garib kalyan varsh, year for welfare of the poor .
today i am immensely delighted that the passing of this law for the welfare of the divyaangjan will open up additional avenues of employment for them .
in 2007, it was decided to deploy female guards .
this step will prove to be the one to move forward our march towards achieving the goal of social justice .
11 1 reposfund management interest income .
estimated provisions .
due to the delay in the construction works, it had not been possible to expand the courses expected for commencement in the year 2013 .
repairs maintenance – building .
following observations are made in this regard .
my dear brothers and sisters, the winters are about to start .
and now we are hearing more about it because it is affecting the city life too .
on the first sunday of every month .
the ministry of drinking water and sanitation has created a section on mygov .
once, on being asked about it, he quipped, i have devised ten thousand ways of how not to make a light bulb .
transmission unit .
b the increase in the sundry expenses of the ranavwiru real star program in the year 2012 as compared with year 2011 ranged between 58 per cent to 183 per cent .
in the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a padma shri .
our chain of mann ki baat has lent pace to the cleanliness campaign from time to time .
and when i saw those letters, i used to be amazed at the magnitude of creativity and emotions behind this endeavour .
torrington avenue, .
14 miss ceylinco vip .
there are many topics on this app, such as what is the state of the market, what is the position of the wholesale market, which crops are doing well these days, which are the appropriate pesticides .
my dear countrymen, although you have entrusted me with the responsibilities of prime minister but i also am a human being just like you .
this perseverance, this struggle from 1857 to 1942 created a situation which reached its climax in 1942 .
last time i had completed a year in power .
new imagination and new concepts have been linked and connected with it .
sri buvaneswary ampal temple, thellipalai .
outcomes of the programmes .
development of a preschool in huseniyagamapura in puttalam .
five years from now, we will celebrate 75 years of indias independence .
travelling advance local .
and cleanliness should be given great importance from raksha bandhan to diwali there will be many festivals .
these studies are being carried out in aiims too and the results that have emerged so far are very encouraging .
in fact, in the realms of space, 2019 has been a very fruitful year for india .
the joy of sacrifice is beautifully described in this mantra tain tyakten bhunjhita .
similarly, implementing the programme for promoting bilingual knowledge by using elearning distant mode of education methodologyfor 1st level and the establishment of computer based examination system to evaluate language proficiencyin collaboration with the department of examinationswere not implemented during 2015 and it has been proposed to commence them once the new language laboratory is opened .
sumathi newspapers .
and, we are believers in vasudhaiv kutumbakam which means the whole world is our family .
yes, we can go forward, the country can take great strides .
2 concessionary loan project .
we know very well, that tremendous hard work is required to achieve anything worthwhile, whether it is in ones own life or for the society .
the majority of applicants who applied for the medical relief loan programme during the last years were war heroes in service .
we, the chairman and the members of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation present herewith the annual report for the year 2012, in accordance with section 14 1 of the finance act no 38 of 1971, along with the financial reports .
about two days ago, i had the opportunity to launch many a developmental work in banaras, the sacred workplace of malviyaji .
what can be more satisfying than this for any one .
each and every one of them also resolved to carry this mission forward .
sardar patel dedicated his entire life for the unity of the country .
lists of districts of kandy,puttalam, polonnaruwa, colombo, kalutara, gampaha, batticloa, trincomalee, badulla, kegalle, anuradhapura, kunuragala, hambantota and nuwaraeliya are available .
chief accountant or accountant payment can be contacted in relation to payments and expenditure of the customer jobs .
new year ob monaragala, .
ranaviru sewa authority .
specific bad debts write off .
release of cassette consisting essays submitted in the research seminar, suvioner,12th compilation of hindu encylopedia and thiruvasaka songs .
similarly, about the incidents that took place in kashmir and all that happened in kashmir, all political parties in the country collectively expressed their views in one voice .
more and more people will come forward to make it a part of their lives .
kalutara zone .
air force .
with their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region .
the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who were made to retire on doctor’s recommendations following being disabled in action and the disabled war heroes of the armed forces and the police who have to remain at home on medical grounds .
earlier, a court in katni in madhya pradesh awarded the death sentence to the guilty after a hearing of just five days .
cost of living allowance .
and when there is a festive mood of celebration, the best within us comes out .
noncurrent liabilities .
the signs that the future of football is very bright have started to appear .
aiming the ball at the crooked column of stone slats pitthoo, playing marbles, testing ones agility in kho kho, spinning the top, lattoo, or applying skills in swiftly flicking the tapered edged wooden peg and hitting it aloftgillidanda, innumerable games were an inseparable part of each every childs life from kashmir to kanyakumari, from kutch to kamrup .
awareness creation among heads of private hospitals with regard to the official languages policy .
this effort also found a mention in the guinness book of world records .
disaster management .
d advances settlement control .
our vission .
our festivals are replete with fragrance of the essence of unity in diversity and the spirit of one india great india .
balance at 1 january 2011 .
progress of granting self employment loans services wise .
each and every village should have the facilities for rain water harvesting .
preparation of 2011 ledger as instructed by the accounts division and categorizing files on a district basis .
similarly, letters equivalent to sinhalatamil languages are being translated .
our natural resources are similar .
management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation .
during the first day of this event, “thiruvathavurarum saivanerium”, 1000 published copies of this souvenir was printed and distributed to the participants with free of charge .
my dear countrymen, you will remember, that on 15 august, i had in my address said from the ramparts of red fort that by 2022, you should visit 15 tourist destinations in india .
performance report .
public officers' advance account activities .
123 lack of evidence for audit .
my dear countrymen, till date, we have been hearing about the myriad types of festivals be it music festivals, food festivals, film festivals and many other kinds of festivals .
the provisions for supplimentary support were utilized as follows .
usually it takes a few hours to enter and exit that cave .
i especially remember the life of jawed ahmed, his dedication and devotion especially on every 3rd december .
we are seeing a fine momentum building up in this t20 cricket world cup .
despite that, one should keep talking about it, and keep making the effort .
investigating complaints with regard to violation of language rights is a primary task of the commission .
there is a provision of a bumper draw also in that .
our festivals, our celebrations are not merely occasions of joy and merriment .
i extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of vasant panchami .
all this was done, just to ensure that no voter was deprived of his or her voting rights .
sewing clothes .
now, when you keep your gold in the bank, the bank will give you money as interest .
local – external training programs .
one can clearly see that today, the youth, the elderly, women, in fact every age group is taking to khadi handloom .
submit reports before the deadlines .
corporation’s contribution to the defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in the income statement when incurrent .
but i want that this scheme is promoted more .
31 basis of preparation .
name mrkpkschandhima .
5 collection of new information of ranaviru villages and computerization of it .
provision of mechanical engineering products, works, services, solutions and workshop training in mechanical engineering for tradesmen, technicians, undergraduates, craft apprentices and mechanical engineers .
provident fund .
i had said one step towards cleanliness and today we can say that each one of us has definitely tried to take one step further .
and during the last few days there has been a movement towards restoration of trading activities .
siyambalanduwe athage nikama yama .
b even though the corporation incurred losses continuously up to the year 2011, it was observed that the corporation earned profits in the year 2012 due to the reforms undertaken .
my dear countrymen, we shall observe navy day on the 4th of december .
come, let us all build a healthy india .
i heartily congratulate garima, the students and more than 1600 schools who participated and hrd ministry for this initiative .
there has been an awareness ever since the launch of the cleanliness movement .
the life and philosophy of lord mahavirji, the apostle of nonviolence will inspire us all .
i feel very bad .
they gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water .
i am very sure that by sitting together we shall definitely find solutions to our problems, find ways to move ahead and also pave a better path for future generations in kashmir .
entertainment bar license .
list of publications .
the relentless quest to ask questions for knowing the truth is very important .
there are a lot of unique reasons for the emergence of the ranaviru sewa authority when one looks into its functions .
are you aware that out of the wrestlers who represented india, each one of them returned with a medal .
just as the rays of the sun give us life, similarly rainfall provide us life and sustenance .
his contribution to hockey was unparalleled .
g to take action and implement all necessary action for the achievements in the functions of the authority .
my dear countrymen, all of you will remember that the 29th of august is celebrated as 'national sports day' .
government of india created a world record in navsari which i believe to be very important .
name mrssnanthakumar .
it has come to our notice that if a muslim woman wants to go on haj pilgrimage, she must have a mehram or a male guardian, otherwise she cannot travel .
public management reforms .
make our country clean and green .
and, this is an example which shows that great tasks can be accomplished by working in unison to move ahead .
but why should india not make a beginning in creating a lesscash society .
urban council hall .
i invited my countrymen to join the sandesh to soldiers campaign .
and that this sum of 17 lakh rupees be used for providing other facilities in the village .
total comprehensive income for the period .
total investment income .
number of traditionalspecial practitioners for eye diseases akshi roga, skin diseases charma roga, boils ulcers gedi vana, and burns scalds davum pilissum had increased by a number less than 05 in the year 2012 in relation to the year 2011 and traditionalspecial practitioners had not been registered under hydrophobia jalabhithika, hos compresses moxibustions vidum pilissum and other, after the year 2010 .
rehabilitation of capital assets .
it helps to draw the attention of the disadvantaged school children towards education by facilitating them and to socialize them through the development of knowledge, skills and attitudes of vulnerable groups in the community .
official address zonal education office,thirukkovil .
main objectives of the administrative branch are maintaining better institutional administrative environment, managing human and physical resources, fulfiling career needs of staff and assisting the ministry in implementing its services .
the festival of onam is being celebrated in kerela .
among the tools that have been employed for prudent public expenditure management by the treasury, the supplementary support services and contingent liabilities treasury miscellaneous vote tmv was one of the main instruments to prevent supplementary budget to manage various unforeseen urgent requirements during the year .
cultural programmes were also conducted by the school students from jaffna and mullaitivu districts .
including major obs with slowmotion facilities .
the government has passed the new law in consonance with the spirit expressed by the united nations .
in our country, saraswati pooja is done on vasant panchami .
it was my privilege and good fortune that i had the opportunity of going to chandrasekhar azads native village of alirajpur in madhya pradesh .
reviewing random samples with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in institutions audited up to 2014 .
i have to say something more .
democracy was embedded deep in baba sahebs nature and he used to say that indias democratic values have not been imported from outside .
many people expect me to announce some huge schemes during this programme .
the number of participants was 30582 .
13122011 the medical clinic scheduled to be held at the kabithigollewa central college was postponed due to urgent work .
all programmes on these two directions were prepared incorporating suggestions and ideas of the ranaviru community and with the knowledge of experts .
in the noncooperation movement of 1920 and the uit india movement of 1942, two different personas of mahatma gandhi can be seen .
lease payments are apportioned between the finance charges and reduction of the lease liability so as to achieve a constant rate of interest on the outstanding balance of the liability .
how do we need to adopt their traditions in our lives for achieving sustainable development and learn from those traditions .
my dear young friends, the government will launch the entire action plan for startup india, standup india on 16th january .
while many private channels resort to extreme commercialism in the midst of intense competition we continue to honour our national responsibility and cater to audiences without compromising good taste and higher standards .
when we move ahead in the national interest, a change in the lives of the poor, the backward, the exploited and the deprived ones can also be brought about .
open was discussed on the other, runner up daniil medvedevs speech was equally doing the rounds in public discourse, especially on social media .
according to the policy planning of the government, aranery schools were started in 1989 .
once we place faith and trust in the people of india, we can get incomparable results .
chief internal auditor .
the task of preparing language plans relevant to hisher field of service within a specified period of time was given to the trained officers in terms of an assignment .
products, tools and equipments for roads maintenance are manufactured on customer request .
every section of the society including celebrities joined in to ignite a process of transformation in a new modern language of change that the present generation understands and follows .
by misguiding the poor, enticing them through the vices of avarice and temptation, wrongfully pumping money into their bank accounts, or getting them to undertake some wrong activities, some people are trying to save their black money .
but, when we mention ganesh utsav, it is natural to remember lokmanya tilak ji .
official address zonal education office, gampaha .
thus, mann ki baat became a new opportunity of social transformation rather than just remaining a mere talk show of 1520 minutes .
tile factory .
that day, that moment, instills in us all a sense of duty .
outside broadcasting facilities were also operated by the supervision and the direction of deputy director studio and outside broadcasting under the direction of deputy director general engineering .
i will surely send your ideas and efforts to the people .
who amongst us would not have enjoyed playing gillidanda in our childhood .
you will find such people somewhere in each and every state of india .
today women are not just advancing in myriad fields they are leaders .
and she has created history by winning a medal for the country .
progress review of current projects .
'mission clean morna' shows that if a person is determined to do something, then nothing is impossible .
more than 1270 schools children were benefited .
this time, india clinched a large number of medals in the asian games .
b improving the process of granting professional accreditation .
sunday, 13 august 2017 .
so expectations get hyped up to such an extent that if corresponding success is not achieved, these turn into despair and even resentment .
let there be strivings for the realisation of these millions and millions of resolves .
mann ki baat, july 2017 .
recently, several digidhanmela programmes were organised to educate the people and to increase public awareness .
implementation of official languages policy and related matters .
i have heard that in cuddalore district of tamil nadu, child marriage has been banned under a special campaign .
tamil local tele drama .
d making arrangements with relevant institutions for the distribution of land among war heroes .
recurrent expenditure .
students of age between seven to seventeen took up this task .
up to 16092012 .
dear young friends, today i urge you to undergo a special internship .
operating activities of the council during the year under review and the analytical review of financial results as compared with the preceding year are given below .
in this series of festivals, eiduluha will be celebrated in a few days from now .
6 musical programmes .
this will be a good, true genuine karyanjali to bapu, a tribute through a good deed .
programme to promote friendship of colombo district community members held on 22042011 .
on may 11, 1998, at indias western end a nuclear test was conducted in pokhran, rajasthan .
i do believe that you will indeed do so .
‘hurubuhuti’ children’s prog .
i have provided further impetus to simplifying this system even more .
join with national events .
42 corporate plan‍ .
while we were all delighted with the tidings of enthusiasm and celebration of 26th january, at the same time, some of our army jawans posted in kashmir for the defense of the country, achieved martyrdom due to the avalanche .
colombo zone .
my dear countrymen, on the 5th of june, our nation, india will officially host the world environment day celebrations .
member’s remuneration .
but on returning, i purchased the book and read it more than twice .
the state governments have braced themselves up for rescue and relief work .
others tractors trailers water bowsers, etc .
for one reason or the other, we confine ourselves to celebrating and observing centenaries of events mostly .
common difficulties .
my dear countrymen, this year mahatma gandhis 150th birth anniversary celebrations will begin .
modi may come and go, but this country will never let go of its unity permanence, our culture will always be immortal .
there was a time when the books were brought here stuffed in sacks and carried on the back .
abu training expenses .
books were introduced to the public through the programs ‘dharana’, ‘dina asiriya’ and ‘sagna puwath’ .
disabled status or ailment .
they have sent me the image of mother india .
the following projects were implemented by the department up to 31st december 2014 .
following his orders, the tricolour was promptly unfurled there and the nefarious dreams of the neighbour of annexing lakshadweep were decimated within no time .
but have a few collection this is my only request .
makeup material .
the areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in note 6 .
2 division for empowerment of physical and mental health .
mailapitiya park maintenance .
372 provisions – sundry debtor .
library stock .
asstdirector ministry of education .
iii impairment gain .
they teach us values in life, such as, setting targets, building up determination, developing team spirit and fostering mutual cooperation .
however in a country with 125 crore people, only 5000 transplants could take place .
the unit organized a clinic to distribute spectacles among the staff free of charge .
net book value .
a visually challenged little girl child gauri shardul, hailing from far flung forest area in the dang district, can recite the complete ramayana epic as she has learnt it by heart .
we are all witness to the fact that how within a year a place developed as a world famous tourism destination .
people who consume tobacco are vulnerable to high risk diseases like cancer, diabetes, blood pressure etc .
in 2015, 08 programmes of this nature were conducted for army officers .
my dear countrymen, a few days from now, we shall celebrate budha purnima .
our scientists are doing some excellent work .
year 2011 .
introducing and implementing necessary programmes of dialogues essential for reestablishment of solidarity and coexistence among ethnic groups .
now, nobody from this village has to go to toilet in the open .
her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success .
i feel that this is true patriotism, and a perfect tribute to revered bapus work .
for programmes in kilinochchi .
this is an opportunity to remember the teachings of prophet muhammadpeace be upon him and his message .
this was the first time under british rule that the convocation in kolkata university had been addressed to in bangla .
persons who sought single counseling support were referred to the counseling officer of the department of social services at the closest divisional secretariat, as there is no suitable place in the building, where the head office is temporarily housed .
can you imagine that there is a department under government named ayush .
language training programme for national integration coordination officers .
in the kumbh mela, there is a tidal upsurge of faith and reverence .
taking necessary measures to attain the objectives of the commission by taking any other necessary or appropriate measures to exercise the powers of the commission .
it is also known by different names .
the implementation and furtherance of such a phenomenal change on such a monumental scale, with the involvement of so many tens of millions of people in such a vast country, is in itself a pinnacle of success .
when on august 1 1920, lok manya tilakji passed away, patel ji had decided then itself that he would build his statue in ahmedabad .
my dear countrymen, this year was also the 350th prakash parv of guru gobind singh ji .
providing training and technology for development of designs .
locations of computer centers .
it will become a case study for universities across the world .
i listened to some message personally and i liked them my team is working on the others .
there is no part of india from which i did not receive a phone call .
chief administrative officer .
two items were taken place as research session and stage programmes .
222 finance leases payable noncurrent portion .
they dont possess any value in themselves .
best tamil news reader .
pop idols are not environment friendly he has expressed a great pain, others have also .
the target for the year has achieved .
commissioner general of excise – slas .
steps were taken to prepare 2000 copies of the guidelines book and 2000 cds of the same for devising language plans in government institutions .
he was a social reformer .
just as the five years from 1942 to 1947 were decisive for the countrys independence, these five years from 2017 to 2022 can and must play a decisive role for the future of india .
in the new india everyone will have equal opportunity and aspirations and wishes of everyone will be fulfilled .
an attempt has been made through the newsletter “apurwa nadee” at opening a dialogue among various sectors of the society about the importance of achieving national harmony through bilingual skills .
schools, colleges, offices, parks, skyscrapers, playgrounds came alive as yoga venues .
the corporation carries out transactions in the ordinary course of its business with parties who are defined as related parties in sri lanka accounting standard 24 “related party disclosures”, the details of which are reported below .
the establishment of a kitchen free of social discrimination where a person of any caste, sect, religion or community could eat or what we know as the langarsystem was initiated solely by guru nanak dev ji .
indian cricket teams offspin bowler r .
bank balance boc corporate branch .
name mrs sy pathiranawasam .
burns scalds davum pilissum .
india has always been extending active support to un peace missions .
by connecting with others, serving them and serving them selflessly, you will easily be able to shed the weight oppressing your own heart and mind .
but on the suggestion of our brother akhilesh vajpayee, our government looked into this suggestion seriously and we have implemented this facility in our system for our disabled brothers and sisters .
once while i was going through your comments, i came across an interesting point by atish mukhopadhyay ji .
they have to mould themselves according to the local needs and environment .
on that basis, programmes carried out on regional level with the contribution of the people of the society is one of the programmes of social integration week .
lets come together and try to work together towards the completion of this pledge .
mobil service community pokuru programme .
this programme is implemented nationally by the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages and ministry of justice, ministry of child development and women’s affairs .
financial assistance for the rehabilitation of temples in order to deyata kirula exhibition .
specimen application form for issue of liquor license .
my dear countrymen, vineeta ji from gurugram has posted on mygov that in mann ki baat i should talk about the constitution day which falls on the 26th november .
when i wanted to know the analysis, as to whether its only the young people who come forward or there are elders persons too, i was heartened to learn that among the recipients, there were 15 year old young persons, as well as elderly people aged 6570 .
distribution of new scholarships began 2011 district wise .
we took several innovative steps, one after the other in the gir .
thus this effort is being made quite meticulously .
i became aware of very minute problems associated with governance i would like to congratulate akashwani for not treating these suggestions as mere bits of paper but considered them as expectations of the people .
our functions .
name mr klhemarathne .
you must have heard a lot about kumbh .
c bangadeniya factory .
fixed the ceiling of makeup unit .
ob duties 54 .
our honourable president inaugurated this programme and the country got connected .
i had made an appeal to change braindrain into braingain .
we have bangladesh as our neighbour .
ii housing loans .
but one thing that impressed me most was meghalaya and the hard work of the farmers of the state .
i wish to congratulate those who took out time for an in depth analysis of our work, there were some praises some support and sometimes shortcomings were also pointed out, i understand the importance of all these things .
rent of antenna tower at sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
during the past few weeks, i had the opportunity to interact with the beneficiaries of different schemes of government through video call .
this money still has been deposited in the account division and the beneficiary has been informed by a letter that money would be total amount required for the purchase of an artificial foot is collected .
this is certain .
last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my mann ki baat .
a functional and presentation currency .
it must be part of your recent memory that in the earlier episode, i had referred to a collection of short stories by premchand ji, we had decided that on reading any book, some of its facets should be shared with all through the narendra modi app .
373 provisions – other receivables .
bunka awards .
they live in a parking shed with their family .
scholarships initiated with the authority’s funding .
the provision for bad debts for employee advances has been made to reflect the amounts outstanding with respect to employees who are no longer in service either retired or resigned with sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
he is greatly revered in that part of our country and the whole nation remembers him with great respect and regard .
in accordance with that circular, by now certain schools have submitted their annual action plan to the commission .
renovated the 2d 3d animation studio .
another divyang, yogesh athuniaji, has won the gold medal in the discus throw in para athletics grand prix in berlin and in the process bettered the world record, along with sundar singh gurjar who also won the gold medal in javelin .
money allocated for social and cultural division under 6 budget in 2011 was not used for any work,this division undertook several activities for the achievement of the targets set by the ranaviru sewa authority for them .
the gond tribes in central indai stop fishing in some parts of kaithan river during the breeding season .
organized the participation of war heroes for a programme held at the rupawahini corporation .
zonal education office, wellawaya .
number of days of stock turnover .
so i would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course .
b salaries, wages and other allowances totaling paid based on external services had been classified as research and development expenditure instead of being classified as personnel emoluments .
in madhya pradesh, under the har ghar dastak programme a campaign is being run to go to every village and every house to encourage education of daughters .
of course, i couldnt get much time, but during my travelling, i got an opportunity to read some of his short stories once again .
expenditure heading 3 infrastructure for ranaviru villages rvsa0805 .
overall target .
commencement of the process of facilitation of language plans in district and divisional secretariats .
applicant's name .
today our woman power has shown inner fortitude and selfconfidence, has made herself selfreliant .
educating the relevant authorities and making arrangements to name roads in the name of war heroes .
3 land project .
stop logs are used for level control in open channels .
implementation of various projects with the objective of building national harmony and mutual understanding among people in different areas of the country is another fuction being carried out by the language associations .
11 data and information division .
national ranaviru day function was successfully held at the parliamentary sports ground on may 18th 2011 .
i have received one suggestion and i compliment the gentleman who has made this creative suggestion .
79 hindu temples have been received financial assistance by cheques through divisional secretaries .
the grave injury caused by terrorism could not deter him .
promotion of hindu religious activities .
let me sometimes try to live those very emotions .
the makeup unit contributed for “ransirimal”, “salmal landa”, and ‘nirsathvayo’ which were new tele dramas produced by the drama unit and rendered their fullest services to all other external productions of sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
it has also been seen as to how much can be achieved through making small efforts .
an awareness programme on underage marriages had been organized by women leaders in killinochchi .
whether it is cyclone, or rail and road safety, all of these safety measures are being augmented by space technology .
i also did not see a connect is in this but, after receiving this phone call, i also started thinking that the point made there was pertinent .
a course of action for the efficient collection of those installments had not been formulated for the recovery .
by reducing the paper work, some of the states have made a good effort in speeding up the process involved in organ donation .
6 to uplift family members of war heroes with self confidence .
impairment of housing loan .
batahira ahasa adaraneeya yavvanaya live .
he had given this idea in 1942 which now is before us in the shape of amul it is a living example as to how sardar saheb had foreseen the way to prosperity of the farmers .
wana vaduna wanaman .
transformation of 04 government offices into innovative model centers is a programme commenced by the language division from this year .
preparing an administrative mechanism and a documentation process with regard to implementation of the official language policy .
the asian games are going on .
namaskar pradhan mantri ji, i am shivaa choubey calling from jabalpur, madhya pradesh .
this has gained wide acceptance .
we remember and pay our homage to tilak ji on his birth anniversary on 23rd july and his death anniversary on 1st august .
so, we should not make such ganeshji idols, which create problems .
after reading these stories, i felt myself to be empathetic .
i would like to hear your views on this thank you .
salaries wages .
name mrs wm soma wijekoon .
finishing of gates .
or you could tell yourself, i type with just two fingers on the keyboard, so shouldnt i learn proper way of typing .
our country will always be indebted to sardar patel for his steller role in the constituent assembly .
i want that you not only extend your cooperation in making this campaign successful but also lead the process of transformation and i have full confidence that you can be the leader for this change .
abhi has told me that he has been doing this for a whole year and many birds have now become his friends .
this help cannot be obtained till someone donates their organs .
04 practical difficulties that emerged in organizing workshops .
and i have seen that in the midst of such difficulties, all personnel of banks and post offices are working very hard .
i urge you all that on october 31, through 'run for unity', to strengthen our efforts and bind every section of the society as a unified unit this will be a great tribute to sardar sahib .
annex 05 .
celvary super cross motor competition live telecast from ibbagamuwa for 06 hours .
i was then a party worker with the bharatiya janata party organization in himachal .
this has been a very sublime experience for me .
come on, let us take this journey further .
international monetary fund world bank spring meeting .
out came his cheque book, and a cheque of fiftyseven thousand rupees was handed to the head of the village panchayat with a request that the 57 households having no toilets be give one thousand rupees each from his side, so that 57 toilets can get constructed and badhana becomes an open defecation free village .
deen dayalji talked about the poorest of the poor the deprived, distressed ones and spoke of how, through education, employment or otherwise his life could be transformed .
there must be a clear path in order to achieve that target .
colomboprotecting children by preventing child abuse and harassment of children from taking place in timbirigasyaya .
you must send photographs on incredibleindia .
arrangements were made to pay the transport and corporate allowance to provincial officers .
and i took a resolve that the country must have such a memorial .
unlawfully sale of cannabis .
people are also voicing their difficulties .
nugasevana new set, .
offering self employment assistance – break down for the years .
contributing towards the language road map of the ministry .
6 informed the ranaviru villages to plan programmes to mark national tree planting day .
you might have noticed one recent incident, a unique example of grit, determination and patriotism that was witnessed by all countrymen .
or striving for justice to someone by working as lawyer .
presently mann ki baat is broadcast at 11 am but we are going to start its broadcast in regional languages immediately after my hindi broadcast .
rhythm chat entertaining music programme .
the main function was held at john de silva theatre ,colombo 7 on 07042011 .
these are on diverse topics .
every indian will now be proud to see the worlds tallest statue here on indian soil .
you must be knowing that, recently the ecigarette got banned in india .
for many years in india, the political culture of forming a very large cabinet was being misused to constitute jumbo cabinets not only to create a divide but also to appease political leaders .
bilingual facilitation services are being rendered through the national integration promotion coordination officers attached to these offices from the ministry .
difficulty in translating certain technical words and using them .
mapiya surakum programme inspection .
financial assistance to the bull in naguleswaram temple .
02conducting language proficiency examinations .
children teledrama 01 .
name hon chandima rasaputhra .
written 08 .
ibbagamuwa zone .
and im happy to see that cleanliness is no longer confined to being a government programme .
withholding tax department of inland revenue .
electricity – tx station .
official address zonal education office, gampola .
yesterday was the 150th birth anniversary of sister nivedita .
development of human resources .
30th anniversary .
this tradition should be followed for national unity .
nominated programmes at awards ceremonies .
publicity programmes .
but i can feel and every indian can experience that the whole world is very curious to know more about india .
beer and porter license .
it is also the darkness of superstition and blindfaith, darkness of ignorance, darkness of poverty and also darkness of social evils .
since then, many parliamentarian friends have adopted it .
through this, five talented children were selected as finalists and graded as “a” grade singers of sri lanka rupavahini corporation .
the grants have been amortized at the rate of 20 per annum .
he met a group of extraordinary women who have achieved something significanty new in their respective fields .
people from all over the country and around the world come and participate in the kumbh .
arrangements have been made with the civil defence ministry and the department of prison to clear the land that is donated to the authority and those earmarked for distribution in collaboration with divisional secretariats .
these three heroes inspire us to this day .
march 18 20 .
financial progress .
motor cars .
enhancement of thrift and savings of ranaviru family members .
general hospitalkandy .
accumulated depreciation .
further, around 600 officers of government institutions coming under jurisdiction of the northern provincial council, sabaragamuwa provincial council, southern provincial council and north western provincial council have also been educated with regards to the implementation of the official language policy .
but i also had the good fortune to practice yoga in the rain for the first time .
and that is why i say let us aim to innovate .
customs officers reward fund 2012 .
camera lenses fault repairs .
an amendment bill to secure the rights of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes also were passed in this session .
he writes that in our country, safety standards at factories and construction sites are not upto the mark .
repaired the drains of studio complex .
08 receipt of financial assistance .
a significant programme called ‘rividina arunella’ was produced with the national objective of motivating the community to the field of agriculture and was launched as a web cast .
today, i can say that tamil nadu today ranks first in the field of organ donation .
further, tamil literature and cultural festival was also conducted in polonnaruwa and badulla districts and over 365 public participated and benefitted .
this is a historic achievement for not just isro but for all of india .
mera rang de basanti chola is a perfect example of that .
and, then they published some selected letters .
there is always some effort made in this direction, but still the apathy on this issue is a crime against society .
thambuththegama zone .
at the local level facilitation project on social transformation and integration conducts its activities in 5 pilot districts namely ampara, badulla, galle, mullaitivu and puttlam in collaboration with the provincial councils, district secretariats, divisional secretariats and pradeshiya sabha offices and selected communitybased organizations .
the central government has along with state governments and with the cooperation of municipal representatives of cities decided to launch a massive and important campaign of waste management .
psychosocial project operating expenses .
presently the poder coating is done only for the steel products .
official address zonal education office, matugama .
several projects have been designed to develop the aranery schools and implemented by the department .
my dear countrymen, with my best wishes to all of you for 2018, my speech draws to a close .
the service of the army forces, private security as well as the security officers of sri lanka rupavahini corporation is taken to fulfil the services .
location of centers .
this is our intention behind the mudra scheme .
tuesday, 29 august 2017 .
he also earns from this activity .
youll become a sentinel of new india .
appropriation account 2014 .
officers from private medical services development division the regulatory institution of private hospitals of the ministry of health and the chairman, representing the association of private hospitals and nursing homes also participated in this programme .
and therefore i say that the government has taken a lot of new initiatives in this regard, be it the initiative of education on road safety, initiative related to road engineering or of enforcement of road safety laws and the discussion on emergency care to be provided post accidents we are going to implement road transport and safety bill to adopt these safety measures in our country .
it must be our endeavour to ensure that we should welcomingly include people of other states, other countries when we celebrate holi, diwali, onam, pongal or bihu, spreading their true spirit .
07 ranaviru children’s skills evaluation programme .
the organizing of gram sabhas in these villages, wherein the people participated in large numbers and chalked out schemes for themselves is something that is an extremely pleasant experience .
but if you scrutinize, then you will be proud of the fact that there many loftier personalities amidst us and you will naturally be proud of the very fact that today the common man is being cited for padma awards without any recommendations .
for 70 years, the lives of the denizens of three villages of the elephanta island, rajbunder, morbandar and centabandar, were engulfed by darkness, which has got dispelled now and there is brightness in their lives .
he chose a different path for himself a path of serving the people .
i have heard this year also, this race is being planned at many places people are excited to be preparing for this race .
we experience this in the beauty, the aesthetics of the swachchata abhiyan .
youth service center monaragala .
and one after the other, ancillary services like transport, lodging, guides and ecofriendly services are getting inducted by themselves .
sri lanka investment business promotional seminar .
speedy computerization of information in respect of each project .
the name boards which were manufactured by us is listed below .
whenever you are there, do capture images and share them on social media so that others get inspired to come visit this sacred site with eagerness .
of the numerous colourful festivals of india, onam is a prime festival of kerela .
when i had taken this decision and presented it before you, then also i had said openly that it was not an ordinary decision, it was one fraught with difficulties .
it is not that the cleanliness remains confined to that place people should carry back the message of cleanliness with them .
affordable medicines are now available at amrit stores at pradhan mantri bharatiya jan aushadhi centres at hospitals .
of course do not travel too much in one go .
nov 1425 .
the globetrotting indians on their trip to uk can visit the memorial being erected by the maharashtra government it will be inspirational to many .
feb 12, 13 .
just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope .
in recognition of the artistic talents contributed through the electronic media .
this very discussion led to the founding of the indian institute of science .
written requests .
this scheme has been designed keeping all sections of society in mind, with a special focus on the poor and the lower middle class segments .
ten cases had been filed in the labour tribunals and several other courts relating to the respective factories by the retired employees of the corporation against the corporation in connection with the nonextension of their services and the arrears of gratuity .
there were improvements in the infrastructure to increase tourism .
reception unit .
and till the time the people who would clear these stumps would not come with tractors, the stumps would remain standing for long .
their grit determination their resolve to overcome all odds in the path of success is indeed inspiring for all our countrymen .
i suggest to all of you that of all the 510 positive things that you might have heard, seen or would have had experienced were to be disseminated, so that other people would get to know of them and this would lead to a spirit of benevolence .
the final contest in badminton took place between two indian shuttlers, saina nehwal and p .
implementation of provisions of the hindu cultural fund act .
visiting vithoba temple in pandharpur and its grandeur, beauty and spiritual bliss is a unique experience in itself .
advance to contractors .
dear young friends, 12th january is the birth anniversary of swami vivekananda .
in the past few weeks, we all witnessed that there were dust storms in the different regions of the country, along with heavy winds and unseasonal heavy rains .
and they have requested that i talk about ecofriendly ganesha idols, well in time for people to plan for clay ganesha idols during the festival of ganesh chaturthi .
in addition to this, the unit has produced quite a number of programs that were telecast on a weekly basis .
animation films can also be made so that our young generations for whom these games played in our streets are something to marvel about, can see, play for themselves and thus bloom .
three officers were trained overseas while four officers were trained locally on programmes related to activities of the nbd .
the month of september will be celebrated as poshan abhiyaan across the country .
and on the other hand, exactly one hundred years ago on the 10th of april, 1917, mahatma gandhi had launched the champaran satyagraha .
i will feel much happier if my purchase will benefit the poorest of the poor .
maintenance expenditure .
young indians take time out to get the latest information on these matches and watch them on television .
i am feeling happy today that these pradhans, who had come from the kashmir valley, kept their word in letter and spirit .
there are times when both die .
he always remained engaged in keeping india's integrity intact .
name mr dmnp dissanayake .
35 from net profit allowable losses bf .
the sentiment behind gurumani kewaljis text is being echoed in every nook and corner of the country .
very few people might be aware that most navies of the world allowed women on their warships pretty later .
i want to make you aware about fitness and for a fit india, we should unite to set some goals for the country .
it will infuse a fresh energy, newer enthusiasm into them .
2d 3d animation studio .
boc education project .
per centage of increase over the previous year .
nidhi ji, many thanks for your phone call .
eye tune english songs telecast through channel eye and ntv channel .
working place .
these days we see that our youth are getting increasingly inclined to the field of sports .
there must be many such villages in the country, many progressive farmers and many conscientious citizens who have already done this kind of work .
institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically .
no of new beneficiaries .
mahinda rajapaksha international airport of mattala .
break down of awarding of scholarships among services .
in fact, the scope of discussion with teenagers is quite limited in most of the families .
income from diploma course .
children’s day .
01 health clinics .
under this programme, providing facilitation to 5 ministries in relation to language plansministry of justice, ministry of parliamentary reforms and mass media, ministry of home affairs, ministry of public administration and management, ministry of law and order and prison reformshas been commenced .
vavuniya south zone .
in entire india, people of different cultures and languages, celebrate the onset of rainy season in their own fashion .
children programmes .
certain training programmes had not executed at all .
i am aware that this country is quite vast and we have to reach the villages and far off corners of the country .
there have been many surveys and several opinion polls .
1857 to 1942 the yearning for freedom had reached the grassroots, had reached everybody .
this entire movement has become a peoples movement .
my dear countrymen, i had talked about positivity during the previous episode of mann ki baat .
on the other hand, economists have put constant pressure to reduce the subsidy on gas cylinders for this reason, many committees would sit which would receive many proposals and suggestions on the issue of lessening the gas subsidy .
41 management inefficiencies .
special christmas telecast, .
amidst hectic election engagements, many people asked me a flurry of questions on why i had gone up to kedarnath .
special studio preparation for olympic in studio .
5supplying cash prizes for winners of home gardening contest of mapalagama ranaviru village .
utilization of sri lanka rupavahini corporation facilities foreign .
income–government provision .
divisional secretariat okwala .
ranaviru real star – final programme’s set, .
guests from the bridegrooms side also gracefully accepted it as their ceremonial welcome .
b public enterprises circular no ped12 of 02 june 2003 section 651 .
according to vedas, the purity within us is because of the earth .
sri selvakkathirgama mrugan aranery school, .
for each and every citizen of india there could be no better days than these .
water scarcity affects many parts of the country every year .
but there is another interesting thing, some people ask me one thing albeit with some hesitation modi ji, you were speaking in hindi and bear grylls does not know hindi, so how did you carry on such a fast conversation between the two of you .
3 anamaduwa .
brothers and sisters, about 12 lakh impoverished families have benefitted from this scheme over a period of last five months .
c for renovation .
you can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this october to march .
research officer .
our soldiers practiced yoga in siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees .
today india has to spend billions and trillions of rupees to import timber wood from abroad for construction of houses and furniture .
there were 10 designers with the centre and a target of a minimum number of 05 designs per month had been set for each designer .
no civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the womanpower of the country .
34 financial instruments .
this government is for the sake of the people .
smib fixed deposit state mortgage investment bank .
but, sometimes fire is caused due to carelessness .
procurement of foreign programme .
this time many people have suggested that i say something about the monsoons .
divisional secretariat nochchiyagam .
since providing a basic knowledge on preparation of the language plans of the targeted institutions was one of the objectives of these programmes, the requisite technical knowledge was also provided with the officers .
nsb education project .
screen print name boards .
official address zonaleducation office, katugastota .
a corporate plan for the corporation had not been prepared .
an action plan for the identification of the financial targets and the physical targets according to the respective periods had not been prepared .
plans should be drawn to achieve that pledge and taken forward with the cooperation of all citizens .
issue of identity cards to close relatives of war heroes for the purpose of granting priority .
i invite you come, do not just support this transformation but become one of its leading soldiers and ensure that we achieve the desired transformation .
best 3d animation .
to protect the national identity of sri lankans the world over .
it is true that festivals express the vitality of a society .
the wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality .
serious illness insurance .
the financial statements of the corporation for the year ended 31st december 2012 were authorized for issue by the board of directors on 2nd april 2013 .
under this programme land will be reserved through divisional secretariats for distribution among war heroes .
anula gee sara .
remember to recollect the incidents that inspire others .
ecofriendly ganeshotsav is also social service .
positive power is the biggest energy .
121 unreconciled control accounts .
department of official languages and its performance .
i community project .
these six young women will embark on a voyage across the seas, in a small boat, ins tarini .
transport news vehicle .
what i tell you about them will fill your hearts with pride verve as well .
north western .
revenue is measured at the value of the consideration receivable .
a the following items installed in the building no 3 of the building of the faculty of medicine had been rusted before the expiry of one year since the use of the building .
we have made representations to the treasury on the instructions of the management board of the ranaviru sewa authority on this status and the necessity and a workshop was also held with a view to planning our next course of action .
banks have conducted surveys about how the common man has benefitted from jan dhanyojna, from insurance schemes, from rupay card and pradhan mantri mudra yojna i recently met a few bankers, who shared inspiring stories from their survey .
current affairs .
social security .
the telecommunication regulatory commission contributed for the development of infrastructure of computer centers this year .
1825 books have been purchased from 70 writers and being distributed for encouraging tamil writers in sri lanka .
it is believed that the rationale behind this tradition is that, it destroys his ego that proves to be an impediment in ones path of progress .
name mr amf rafeek .
separate teams will go to cities for inspection .
however, action had not been taken up to the date of this report to obtain the final report including the above criteria and publish it .
and using the gst app all information is available on your mobile phone as to how much the price of an item was earlier and how much will it be now in the new situation .
in congo and southern sudan more than twenty thousand patients were treated in hospitals of the indian army and countless lives were saved .
and that is why the government of india has taken the initiative of atal tinkering labs .
puttlamsocializing school children of less resourced schools located in difficult areas by assuring their future through vocational training and providing books for school libraries concerned .
and all this has been possible due to your cooperation and especially because understanding the importance of tourism has increased .
his father earns his daily bread by wastepicking .
housing project operating expenses .
jaikkalam vanga .
the provision related to departmental administrative expenditure on budget formulations and policies was provided by the project no 01 while project 02, provided allocation for facilitating unexpected and unforeseen expenditure required by various spending agencies .
shriman ghanshyam kumar ji of village baraakar, district nalanda, bihar i read your comments written on the narendra modi app .
the department of hindu religious and cultural affairs was established on 1st of january 1986 to preserve, promote and propagate hindu religion and hindu culture .
during the course of 2015, the language division conducted programmes under 04 main targets namely, .
if we have to develop the next generation innovators, we shall have to link our children with it .
they are far removed from the world of glitter and glare, and are people who do not care about name or fame but simply believe in toiling at the proletarian level .
seegiriya world heritage .
2 kekirawa .
musical instrument .
accordingly, provisions are to be made next year to galle mahamodara teaching hospital ,nuwaraeliya police station and trincomalee base hospital which have sent project reports .
cash and cash equivalents consists of cash in hand and bank current account balance .
living in the midst of such adverse conditions and challenges is not less than any display of valour .
a function with the participation of war heroes ,was held at dodamgoda entrance prior to the opening of southern express way on19112011 .
while steps were taken to provide the people with an opportunity to obtain all these services in one place, all these services were provided to the people free of charge without any interruption .
at times after dinner, children used to play with exuberant abandon for hours together, leaving all worries behind .
to achieve financial stability and growth to run as a commercially viable autonomous state enterprise .
developing and analyzing methodologies and regulations .
miscellaneous duties 532 .
consists two nanthies .
we have been successful in absorbing the very high cost involved in this process .
profit loss on disposal .
c accounting .
balangoda zone .
be it providing insurance cover to citizens or providing them banking facilities, be it the ease of doing business in the world horizon or making facilities available for new businesses, we have done it all .
one of the notable features eagerly awaited by spectators during the republic day parade is the flypast comprising the magnificent display of the might of our air force through their breath taking aerobatic manoeuvres .
you have urged one and all to retain and keep aside some water for birds animals, during summer time .
systems have been made, changed, nurtured, and expanded .
mapiya surakum programme .
bhartahari has said that with regular yogic exercise, truth becomes our child, mercy becomes our sister, self restraint our brother, earth turns in to our bed and knowledge satiates our hunger .
my dear countrymen, 31st october is the birth anniversary of the ironman of india, sardar vallabh bhai patel .
6 making technical arrangements in order to cater the individuals who use the mobile and other device for viewing .
gratuity piad .
i want all of us to join this great festival with enthusiasm and fervour .
progress of granting self employment loans .
letters were sent to community secretaries requesting details of ranaviru community accounts .
initial coordination was arranged but it was decided to implement in 2012 due to a decision of the restructuring programme structure as instructed by the chairperson .
one has seen that no matter how hectic the life is, no matter how tense we are, whether its ones personal or public life, the arrival of the rains does lift ones spirits .
guru gobind singh ji had inherited courage to fight for justice from the legacy of sikh gurus .
following his footsteps, our engineers have created their own identity in the world .
bills issued for hospitalization, spectacles and opd consultations were paid .
they were in jail, certain to be hanged, but still the british remained anxious about how to deal with them .
i might be talking of a small place like hivrebazaar, but there must be many other such villages .
once you set out to see the country, for the rest of your life you will keep seeing new things and still never get enough of it .
rahul played a brilliant 199 run innings .
every citizen of the country wants to do something for the benefit of others, for social good, for the countrys progress .
at times, political developments and political people assume such overriding prominence that other talents and courageous deeds get overshadowed .
gathering data with community , grama niladari,and divisional secretary .
22 finance leases .
we, in india, are facing to lot for the last 40 years on account of terrorism .
the cadre of the internal audit unit of the corporation comprised a permanent internal auditor and 06 other staff .
business profit loss .
my dear countrymen, i have to leave for a trip to britain on the next day of diwali .
staff welfare .
a total of 3 lakh pilgrims have had the darshan of the holy amarnath shrine from 1st july till now .
name mrs g partheepan .
profit loss .
and, who can explain this in a better way than mahatma gandhi .
today the fifth one day cricket match is being played between india and south africa in mumbai .
when they realised that the cultivation of the sugarcane should be given up because it consumed a lot of water, they went ahead and did it .
deputy director general programmes .
pa system setups .
whose face will sport a smile .
we think of doctors only during times of distress .
zonal education office,haliela,badulla .
most of the people boil and drink water during this season .
one shri sachin has written to urge that in mann ki baat this time a mention may please be made about sindhu, saakshi and deepa karmakar .
h western provincial finance statute no 6 of 1990 .
it will lead to a better understanding of the moon on our part .
only those who participate in the 5day residential teacher training programmes conducted by the institute and get through the relevant test, are eligible to teach in the island wide teacher training programmes conducted by the institute .
i would like to tell you about some of these people .
farmers in this village have taken so many initiatives such as using sprinklers, drip irrigation techniques, water harvesting and water recharging, that today their village is strong enough to cope with the water crisis that they face .
c salaries had been paid to the staff recruited on the basis of external services without assessing the performance .
he had the courage to show a mirror to the british about their wrong doings .
according to rajani, her father has sacrificed a lot, undergone hardships to help her reach where she is .
examinations were conducted for students who completed computer courses and certificates were issued to about 200 students who completed the courses successfully .
c categorization of medical practitioners based on existing professional qualifications .
from then onwards, i get a chance to stay in different parts of the country .
my heartiest greetings to all of you on the occasion of ganeshotsav .
but india was lacking full capacity utilization .
aneex 10 .
galleproviding learning materials and stationeries essential to the special education units of two schools in thavalama .
for the common man this is an opportunity to come out of the grip of middlemen .
7 dodamgoda .
and the i gets an opportunity to transform into a we .
more than that manufacturing of official signs, remembaral name boards and official signs are manufactured .
i read those letters and liked the initiative .
this mahaparva, megafestival stands for unity, equality, integrity and honesty .
the destiny, the future of the country shall be brighter, let us move ahead with this belief .
annex 21 .
donation for lands .
home gardening .
in the year 2007 on the occasion of the centenary celebration of sri sri sri shivakumar swamiji our former president dr .
during his life spanning a hundred and eleven years, he strived tirelessly towards the social, educational and economic upliftment of thousands of people .
recently india proudly inscribed her name in various sectors of the global economic scenario .
another specialty of this programme was the agriculturist, mr udaya silva, interacting with the viewers’ questions via the phone during the live telecasts .
airtime analysis .
in a way, entire villages have grasped this opportunity as collective responsibility .
gusi peace award .
countless great men spent their youth in jails .
one of the focal points of 'pariksha pe charcha' was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations .
it is not restricted to just one day .
this book contains 10 essays in 182 pages .
the first general assembly of the international solar alliance was held in india .
extracting answers, he showed the right path to humanity .
it is getting transformed into a movement by the society and the people .
this will help you in carving out your own identity and raising your selfconfidence tremendously .
23072014 22014 implementation of budget proposals 2014 providing motorcycles field officers in public sector .
official address zonal education office, dehiattakandiya .
almost all the countries in the world made yoga day their own .
the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages was established under the extraordinary gazette notification of no193313 and dated 21092015 .
a strategic marketing plan designed for marketing promotion profitable for the corporation though the identification of its strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats had not been prepared for the year 2012 .
08 shortterm training programmes for governmentsemigovernment institutions were planned to be conducted in the year 2015 .
this program was produced by the sri lanka rupavahini corporation in collaboration with abu, malaysia, under the children’s drama promotion project for the 4th consecutive year and the program “supipi piyum” which was produced by mr suranimala jinendrasinghe was telecast over on nhk channel, in japan on august 2012 .
it has contributed a great deal in fostering better relations with many countries of the world .
in addition “rasi manjari”, “nana mihira”, “yathirai”, “sanda ranga mandala”, “daham bima”, “paramitha”, “diriyata saviyak”, “u i english programme” were produced as normal booking in studios .
i congratulate d prakash rao for his hard work, his persistence and for providing a new direction to the lives of those poor children attending his school .
bradby shield rugby encounter first stage colombo, second stage kandy .
the objective of this project is to grant concessionary loans under housing loan programme in order to help war heroes and the police presently in service to fulfill their aspirations .
there can be no greater happiness than the humanity having a peaceful existence .
late deposits .
but, i did not know chai par charcha could be linked to a marriage also .
12 children’s day .
who knows, vijay biswals work may get recognised by his paintings across the nation in the near future .
the results to be achieved by the above steps .
last summer i had remembered it and asked you to put water in earthen bowls for the birds during summers .
34 existence of the corporation .
provisions were provided from supplementary allocation .
formulating policies, programmes, projects regarding the subjects of departments and statutory bodies under the subject of national coexistence and the ministry and monitoring and evaluating them .
and this it, when you hear such things the heart swells with pride .
price list of standard production items .
my best wishes to you all .
they face the opportunity to shoulder responsibilities pertaining to the country .
kuliyapitiya west .
now the time has come to find a solution to this problem .
during one udaasi, he widely travelled to islamic countries including saudi arabia, iraq and afghanistan .
i have seen that this time, many people have written to me mentioning ganeshotsav and durga puja .
during his yatra to bidar, karnataka, he devised a solution for water woes the place was grappling with .
air force race, .
not only this, with the simplification of technology, we do not require any big smart phones for this purpose .
my dear countrymen, last week i had many wonderful experiences in navsari, gujarat .
the hard work of the farmers has resulted in a record production of food grains .
think about it, we should gift such a present to our sisters, which really provides her security in future .
the service of ministerial officers, trained as trainers, could be obtained in all programmes conducted for school children in this connection .
i would like to congratulate both these brothers and send my best wishes .
this is also known as the gandhi charter .
hire of equipment transport .
even though the total number of medical practitioners registered by 31 december 2012 was 20,713, the number of names of the medical practitioners entered in the official web site of the ayurvedic medical council was 3,000 .
factory engineer .
my dear countrymen, i am happy that the people of our country are thinking about issues, which are posing a challenge not only at the present but also the future .
navarathri function .
do you know why kabir das ji chose to go to maghar .
and if we go on just using old technology without recourse to research and innovation, we will become outdated in this rapidly changing world and age .
perhaps this word is in usage in certain measure in foreign lands .
this trust remained associated with farmers, drew plans and made successful efforts to increase the income of farmers .
designation hon minister of education .
we have always faced scarcity of pulses and oilseeds in our country .
and this common man, who occupies my mind all the time, always gets projected in mann ki baat .
come, let us all resolve to imbibe abide by lessons from his great teachings exemplary life and mould our own life in accordance with them .
i see this entire process as a very healthy sign .
annex 16 .
i have always considered radio as an effective means of connecting with people .
in mann ki baat, i have always remembered one sentence of acharya vinoba bhave .
similarly, time has been allocated in the primary and secondary channels for tamil news .
ask him about his repository of knowledge .
suhani rath presented with an introductory for hindi songs fans .
special programmes implemented during the year 2011 .
employee advances constitute amounts under the following categories .
two cases had been finalized during the year under review .
number of handicrafts craftsmen participated .
my dear countrymen, we will celebrate the auspicious day of ram navami on the 5th of april, mahavir jayanti is on the 9th of april, and on the 14th of april is the birth anniversary of baba saheb ambedkar .
once you teach the poor people about the usage of rupay card, they will shower their blessings upon you .
efforts are on to connect local village mandis to wholesale market and then on with the global market .
provision for the period .
divisional secretariat, elahera .
she rendered certain portions before me and when i presented her performance before other persons there, everyone was amazed .
people prefer homemade rakhis these days .
similarly, we find greenery so pleasing to our eyes .
i recently read in a newspaper that students of gujarat technological university launched a jagran abhiyan awereness campaign to build toilets in 107 villages .
i shall meet you again in the next edition of mann ki baat .
three ministries of the government of india maybe four sports, hrd, department of drinking water have come together to launch a swachch bharat summer internship 2018 .
the team representing badulla district won the 1st place at the competition consisting of 23 programmes .
human resources .
and i am happy that we could manage to do the same .
2 nikaweratiya .
but, sabrimala temple in itself is an example to show how this challenge could be converted into a sanskar, a habit and what a tremendous strength public participation has .
i specially call upon schools, parents, enthusiastic teachers mentors to strive hard to ensure victory for their respective schools .
thank you very much to you all .
the money not collected by the officers from the lists of rewards issued by the department from time to time is credited to this account .
over the last few days, many have written to me .
they need to know and adapt to various situations and different cultures .
iii education scholarship project .
the country needs more than 2 5 lakh kidneys, hearts and livers for donation per year .
sihina hathak, .
asia vision unit also played a vital role .
for over three decades we have been fulfilling our national obligation while remaining at the forefront of mass communication on behalf of all sri lankans .
barely had they entered deep into the cave that a sudden heavy downpour caused water logging at the inlet of the cave .
this unit carries out their duties under the supervision of deputy director general programmes and director general programmes and the programmes produced and telecast by the unit during the year 2012 .
i know you do it, but have you ever wondered that you can earn using this very scheme .
be it someone from middle class, lower middle class, dalit, exploited, victim or deprived, they have to continuously be in touch with the government or its various organizations .
india will remain ever grateful to atalji for bringing the 91st amendment act, 2003 .
you have probably known gurudev rabindranath tagore till date as a writer and a musician .
saturday, 26 august 2017 .
there are personal grievances and complaints and sometimes attention is drawn to community problems .
sabaragamuwa provincial center .
tar boiler of 60 and 120 gallon, .
in the days to come, wherever we are, let us do our bit to encourage our sportspersons .
today india has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy and today the highest foreign direct investment or fdi in the world, is flowing to india .
his nephew chandra bose had organized everything .
i read a post written on mygov by komal thakkar ji, where she has referred to starting online courses for sanskrit .
providing practical training for those students who follow translation degree programmes in universities and other recognized educational institutions .
i profusely thank all such compatriots who have striven hard to perform this mahayagya, and lived up to the lofty virtue of purusharth .
siriduwa wedida single episode teledrama .
he was the widest travelled of those times .
millions of devotees come to this world famous temple, seeking blessings of lord ayyappa swami .
accordingly, uttama puja pranama awards ceremonies were held in 17 districts this year .
nevertheless, the management of the corporation had not paid attention to the appointment of the committee even up to the end of the year under review .
sardarsaheb believed that the power of india lay in the diversity of the land .
while flying a kite or playing a game, one freely expresses ones inherent unique qualities .
rent, rates taxes .
we will play a big role in the transformation of the nation, if we make a collective effort .
besides usual arrangements to welcome the prime minister, cleanliness will also be high on the agenda .
you can all share your content using the janshakti4jalshakti hashtag .
you will get to learn a lot that way .
a farmer's daughter, akshaya basavani kamat, from karnataka won a gold medal in weightlifting .
an essay competition was organized among all the cbse affiliated schools a poetry competition was organized to increase their participation .
we want to move forward devoting our lives in the interest of the nation .
the festival of lights deepawali conveys the message of tamso ma jyotirgamaya, to move from darkness to light .
this is the day to remember the members of the constituent assembly .
now, there is no secret in this .
as you know and i had said it last time also, you can now listen to my mann ki baat in about 20 languages whenever you wish to .
j entering the data in respect of the ayurvedic medical practitioners in the official web site .
every teaching of guru nanak dev preached that a campaign should be carried on to abolish superstitions, social disparities and social evils from the society .
the budgetary operations 2014 were managed within the expenditure ceilings approved by parliament while ensuring achieving the targets of the medium term expenditure framework 20142016 .
after the awareness programme on the official language policy, a discussion with regard to the problems faced by officers when implementing the official languages policy and possible remedies was held .
upi is a very useful platform for carrying on trade activities which enables you to make purchases, send money and even receive money .
shri gobind singh ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering .
in honour of sardarvallabhbhai patel who bonded the entire country around a common thread of unity, india witnessed the coming up of the tallest statue in the world, statue of unity .
human resources strength .
the programme was conducted in negombo for 59 journalists attached to printelectronicsocialweb media of private and state sectors .
buddhabhi vandana nelum pokuna, .
some people say that the younger generation wants to accomplish a many things at a time .
the good news for me is that there has been an increase of approximately 50 in the production of pulses and an increase of around 33 in the production of oilseeds .
annual progress in summary .
earlier there were seven divyaang categories now adding fourteen new categories this has been expanded to twentyone categories .
we are witnessing an accident every minute in our country .
boc psychosocial project .
fixed deposits bank of ceylon .
we must take this forward .
salaries payable ac .
departmental fines .
whereas the fact is, through the asat, we have acquired the capability of destroying a satellite three hundred kilometres away in a mere three minutes .
special advance .
national secretariat for nongovernmental organizations .
on the one hand, they have displayed exemplary capabilities in restoring peace on the other, they have retaliated in equal measure, in a language the attackers understand .
enter security code in following text box .
foreign trainingsseminars meetings .
ours is the country of buddha and gandhi, it is the land of sardar patel who gave up his all for the unity of the nation .
we possess everything within us, let us proceed with confidence .
our country is also facing this problem .
world children’s day programme set, .
there was also loss of life and property .
i also thank my colleagues from all india radio, fm radio, doordarshan, other tv channels and the social media .
annex 35 .
1 helping school children of low income ranaviru families to complete their education successfully untill their higher education .
besides, at present,it houses many centres of attraction such as cactus garden, butterfly garden, jungle safari, and childrens nutrition park, ekta nursery, which are all constantly evolving and providing a fillip to the local economy .
baba saheb ambedkar, many provisions were inserted to protect the fundamental rights of the poor .
i extend my hearty felicitations to such villagers for their fine work .
today, on 25th december, as a christmas gift, fifteen thousand people will get rewards through a draw system, whereby each of the fifteen thousand winners will have one thousand rupees into their accounts and this will be not for today only .
total employees .
of course, winning medals is a moment of joy glory for a sportsperson it is equally so as a festival of laurels for the country her countrymen .
images of the stark social realities that premchand has portrayed in his stories vividly start forming in ones mind when you read them .
travelers guide .
and i have never said that these are the expressions of my mind .
this scheme commenced in 2005 in collaboration with the national savings bank .
head quarters of the authority .
oct 10,11 .
bapu gave an inspirational mantra to all of us which is known as gandhijis talisman in that, gandhiji had said, i give you one mantra, whenever you are in doubt or whenever your ego gets over your personality, undergo this test remember the face of the poorest or the weakest person that you have seen, recall his looks and ask your inner self how useful your intended step would be for that person .
violence, torture, explosives, guns, pistols the maoists have created a scary reign of terror .
depression can be the root cause of many mental and physical ailments .
i am often worried by this thought that we speak to the youth of our nation and ask about their dream job, only one out of 100 would express their interest in becoming a scientist .
educating the housing aid recipients .
such news remain in the flashlight for few moments and are gone we often do not remember these achievements for a long time .
not only this, our sikkim outperformed 51 nominated policies of 25 countries to win this award .
the business community, our traders can well comprehend how momentous this decision is .
my dear countrymen, the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, financial inclusion, had been a point of discussion amongst financial pundits, not just in india, but all over the world .
under the above programme, the official languages commission expects to establish language circles in all the schools located island wide .
this came to the knowledge of local bank personnel, and i was happy to learn that they personally carried and handed over cash at his home, for help in treatment .
making alter wicks .
shriman prakash tripathi has further cited some examples .
a programme to present awards of uttama puja pranama medals to value their contribution to the parents of war heroes who offered their children to the battle field and wives and children of war heroes was held district wise .
after vasant ritu or the season of spring, it is now the time for the ripening of the crops, and the time for the farmers to reap the benefits of their hard work .
come let us join water conservation, and involve ourselves in making a list of more and more innovative methods to motivate people to conserve water .
whether it is our armed forces, or the bsf, itbp, crpf and cisf, each one of them, apart from their duties has made yoga a part of their lives .
youth is losing their interest in science, which is a matter of great concern .
what are the hopes and aspirations of the common man in the country .
i emphasis that once again april, may, june and july are before us and we must also take up some responsibility for water harvesting and water conservation, we should also chalk out some schemes, we should also do and show something .
this tremendous participation of youth and women is a major glorious dimension in isros success .
bhagwan birsa munda sacrificed his life at the tender age of twenty five .
rajathasara programme .
a quiz program titled “dhamma gaveshi” aiming to enhance the dhamma knowledge of students attending dhamma schools around the island ended in december .
this time too, we need to ensure that we do yoga ourselves and motivate our family, friends and all others from now itself to do yoga .
when you listen to the call, you will come to know why he does not want to identify himself .
the structure of these programmes is designed so as to give the target groups an understanding of the official language policy and legal provisions, policy framework of social integration, the role of the ministry and its affiliated institutions, implementing the official language policy .
districts where the land observation was made are as follows .
i shall also request listeners of mann ki baat who are engaged in the field of sanskrit, to ponder over ways means to take komaljis suggestion forward .
i also know that we still have to go much farther .
the treasury issued guidelines to manage financial obligations which are being entered into by various spending agencies without having adequate provisions and thereby creating liabilities on the government and to ensure such obligations are included well within the budgetary provisions .
north central .
in a way, a positive mindset towards our daughters is leading towards societal acceptance .
these festivals may have different names, but their origins stems from attachment to nature and agriculture .
these brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred twenty five crore indians .
indias former president shriman abdul kalamji used to speak of nanajis contribution in rural development while talking to the youth .
you have taught a lesson to black money mongers and the corrupt through the demonetization of 1000 and 500 rupee notes .
02 peperation of paper advertisement calling for applications and publishing it in newspapers conducted by calling quotations .
shilpa, i am very grateful to you that you have articulated something so sensitive in so simple a manner .
asister from chhattisgarh collects custard apple and does business by making its ice cream .
it will include people from all walks of life, from every segment of our society .
3 for participating in a karate competition held in india .
7 inspection tour on community hall building built at nugedolawattha ranaviru village and ranaviru villages at watupitiwala, keeragala and udupila .
the corporation generated additional income by entering into sponsorship agreements with various institutions to produce such programs .
the objective of the porgramme was to enhance the social integration through providing the general public with sinhala and tamil language knowledge .
creating awareness on the importance of protecting their uniqueness and developing mutual understanding in the society .
01 close relatives of war heroes who had died in action .
these were produced and telecast in 2012 and continuing in 2013 .
a seven tile factories maintaining the production work of the corporation exist and out of that 05 factories had incurred losses in the year under review .
and this is the unique attribute of india, that whereas we have our feet firmly on the ground with yoga, we have our dreams to soar beyond horizons to far away skies .
my young friends have asked me many questions related to science they keep writing on quite a few points .
a three external parties had filed three cases in courts against the university by claiming ownership to the properties of the university .
before the haripura session, in 193738, mahatma gandhi had invited the then principal of shantiniketan kala bhavan, nandlal bose .
total number of war heroes .
i would like to talk to you today, to invite you on a new task .
caravan equipment .
they even treat them like their brothers and sisters .
spare parts – eng 1 .
you may be aware of the fact that inside red fort, many chambers and structures lay locked unused for several decades after independence .
annual report 2007 .
name mrs kmncgunarahna .
today, the entire country, the youth, women, the marginalized, the underprivileged, the middle class, in fact every section has awakened to a new confidence .
june 29,30 .
prime minister, i am shivani mohan calling .
our country is full of such myriad diversities .
ps no 2014286 third instalment part i funds report of the auditor general 2012 .
after that, she wrapped a cloth around the medal kept it in a bag .
the due place for official languages must be given in administration of university .
c treasury circular no 1a1200202 of 28 november 2002 .
b eight items of accounts .
manhole frame covers rectangular and circular standard sizes .
it has currently produced 500 programmes by covering 18 subjects .
this unit comprises a staff with 30 years’ experience that could maintain quality and technically high standard of the programs and provide service on shift duty basis continuously .
my dear countrymen, looking forward to our conversation when we will meet for another episode of mann ki baat .
in order to clear a test, treat the test as a festive occasion .
can we remember that mantra of bapu .
they can visit the world famous holy places like the sun temple of konark, lord jagannath temple in puri and chilka lake along with enjoying the games there .
02 shortterm training programmes for governmentsemigovernment institutions .
everyone is trying to ensure speedy mitigation of the sufferings people in kerala are going through, in fact sharing their pain .
later, in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared an amended copy of those ideas .
and just as technology plays an increasingly bigger role in our economic system, it also invites those who misuse it .
a few days ago, i came across a mention of sonal, a young daughter from pune it touched my heart .
today, lakshadweep is contributing significantly in indias progress .
even the poor people can use ussd on simple feature or ordinary mobile phones to buy and sell goods as well as make payments and thus all of them can also become prospective beneficiaries of this reward scheme .
i appeal to all of you, that while trying to understand the importance of this theme, we should all ensure that we do not use low grade polythene and low grade plastics and try to curb the negative impact of plastic pollution on our environment, on our wild life and our health .
at the age of seven she had dedicated herself as a devadasi but in a turnaround, for the welfare of the devdasis, she has spent her entire life .
chaudhari charan singh in his speech in 1979 had urged our farmers to use new technology and to adopt new innovations and underlined their vital significance .
generally veer savarkar is renowned for his bravery and his struggle against the british raj .
the collection and protection of revenue from liquor and tobacco .
subsequently, the ministry contributed towards 18 programmes of “subharathividiyum velai” during the period from october to december 2015 .
coordinate with the relevant statutory boards on resolving these quarries and ensure that the remedial actions are taken to avoid occurrence of such audit quarries in the future .
in this campaign lasting for two hundred days, people performed the task of cleaning the fort, nonstop, without any fatigue and with teamwork .
mr varuna sanjaya dharmaratna .
p s no 2014324 second instalment – part xv state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
the mapiya surekuma programme for the benefit of ranaviru parents is operative under the economic development division initial work such as providing necessary information and selection of beneficiaries is the responsibility of the ranaviru community and provincial officers this also covers compilation of information needs for the voted programme .
brothers and sisters, look at the agony of this young daughter, the 11th class student .
this navy had a big role in the expansion of the cholarule and in making it an economic super power .
3 on demand video streaming started with tele drama, news sinhala tamil musical programme and special events with high quality video five different geographical locations mirror servers and .
the support extended by the staff of the ministry,the institutions affiliated to the ministry and the project officers are also appreciated .
last month a workshop was organized in bhopal .
as a result of this, our roads have improved a lot and business there will surely get a boost .
the management planning bill for maintaining a good management of the provincial centers has been handed over to the ministry .
nov 26 dec 07 .
5 neluwa .
selfemployment assistance .
though the director general of customs stated that action will be taken to rectify that in the subsequent year, no action had been taken even during the year 2012 to settle the matter .
a movement to instill respect for our forces will come into being in the country .
i hope and believe that everyone will celebrate eid with gaiety and fervor and on this occasion children will specially get a grand eidi .
4 for participating in a karate competition held in india .
tender evaluation .
annex 29 .
reviewing with regard to implementation of the official languages policy in institution audited up to 2014 .
official address zonal education office, kandy .
to reach the expected heist in performances of an institution will depend on the parallel functioning of namely three areas of functions of the institution, the team and its personnel who make arrangements to make the functions a reality .
powder coating technology has been introduced from 2009 for steel products, especially hospital furniture .
ihala ambatenna .
students and teachers of stjohn bosco college and students and teachers of nageshwara vidyalaya in killinochchifurther, some programmes are carried out with the provisions of ministry of child development and women affairs .
public relations unit .
this gurudwara suffered severe damage due to the devastating earth quake of 2001 in gujarat .
social services .
to save democracy, morarji desai flung himself in the movement against imposition of emergency .
functions of the administrative branch .
maternal and child health .
come let us move ahead while loving nature in such a pleasant atmosphere .
gampaha zone .
i get to know as to what all is happening on the ground, in our villages and in the hearts and minds of the poor .
swapan banerjee from west bengal, akhilesh pandey from katihar, bihar and numerous others have written on narendra modi mobile app and mygov asking me to speak on various aspects of ataljis life .
news division .
this is the power of our tourism .
the constituent assembly took 2 years 11 months and 17 days to accomplish this stupendous task of drafting the constitution .
he feels that our youth are physically weak, compared to those of other asian countries .
this has become a great opportunity for me to understand the hearts and minds of one and all .
prophet mohammad sahib peace be upon him believed in twin principles of knowledge and compassion .
she wrote in her letter that after my appeal to the people to forego their cooking gas subsidy, she had given up her subsidy and then she even forgot about it .
name mr amrs athapattu .
conducting written and oral examinations and issuing certificates to the officers who are required to acquire official language proficiency in terms of public administration circular no012014 and 042014 .
32 staff administration .
my responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit .
my dear countrymen, world soil day is on the 5th of december .
if we have strong and wellequipped incubation centres, a system comes into place for innovations, for startups, for experimentation and to bring these efforts to a certain level .
let all of us together witness the strength of this collective momentum and its impact .
01distribution three wheelers 2011 .
the questionnaire has been finalized adding whole information related to socioeconomic information of the ranaviru community .
in the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand bank current account balance .
these messages will include a greeting along with messages with regard to the language rights of people and the responsibilities of public officers .
why not add to our strengths .
﻿01 nation’s gratitude to the name 'ranaviru' .
of them the following are the key programmes .
anjum has proved that however adverse the circumstances be, the clouds of despair and disappointment can easily be cleared by taking positive steps .
government of india has made a successful effort to clean the ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five state governments .
brothers and sisters, our villages and our farmers are strong pillars of our economy .
name mr na handunpathirana .
yakabedda akuressa .
with effect from 18th of january 2015, the institute had been functioning under the ministry of public administration, provincial councils and democratic governance .
the network of correspondents has also become stronger than before .
finance and planning .
it feels great to see your interest in india's history .
i once again bow paying my obeisance to shri guru gobind singh ji .
fabrication installation of 04 nos radial gates to kankaniyar kulam for peace project .
his 125th birth anniversary was celebrated all over the country .
produce reduced which resulted in lower income and gradually the productivity of the soil also was going down .
projects operating expenses .
i sincerely hope that large numbers of eligible young people will get themselves registered as voters, thus forging a partnership in the quest to further strengthen our democracy .
therefore keeping the importance of water in mind, a new jalashakti ministry has been created in the country .
it is true that in the last decade there has been a decline in maternal mortality rates but even now, we are not able to save the lives of a large number of pregnant women .
095 contractual services .
two three years ago, thousands of people would lose their lives every year due to heatwave .
i extend my heartiest congratulations to him and his coach for this victory .
iii cultural division .
it was here, he developed the philosophy of his satyagraha and his methods of struggle .
in the same way today we may feel that even by making a tiny contribution i may be contributing in a big way to help in the economic upliftment and economic empowerment of my country and help fight a battle against poverty by lending strength to the poor .
festivals infuse new life into individuals as well as the society .
other offences .
of course, those games were known by different names, depending on the place .
rent from canteen .
enforcement of appropriate budgetary management measures to ensure that funds are used exclusively for the declared purposes within the approved limits .
saman devalaye perahera live telecast .
my dear brothers and sisters, laxmi, the goddess of wealth, makes an entry into each and every household in the form of fortune and prosperity .
no255b11,torrington garden, .
d the loans granted for trailers of two wheel tractors for 2 districts had been totally in arrears while the recoveries of 15 districts had been at a minimum level of 10 per cent .
for this purpose, we have launched deendayal upadhyaya gram jyoti programme .
, , compassion leads to righteousness,greed leads to sin .
health sector has been our major customer more than four decades and originally provided mostly steel furniture with painted finish for most of the hospitals .
over 2050 public and school students participated and got benefits .
advertisements worth crores, by the government, cannot achieve what has been achieved through your help .
ministry of health .
issuance of birth certificates, registration of late births, making amendments, probable birth certificatesabout 2073 documents of the above nature have been issued in 2015 .
4 ganga ihala korale .
i felt the need for greater coordination .
may this kumbh of faith also become mahakumbh of ofnationalism .
every indian, social organisations, local selfgovernment institutions, schools, colleges, various organizations all should take one resolve or the other for a new india .
we get to learn something each moment from them .
amount of financial assistance granted .
this is a great initiative that can be adopted anywhere .
when somebody talks about the environment, one can easily sense his or her crucial concerns on the matter .
i appeal to all of you to visit those tourist spots within our country whose scenic beauty is to behold during the monsoon .
i have full faith that this new scheme will usher a new change in the financial development of the country and i will get your support in this .
our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together .
security – contract suppliers .
the british were naturally not happy with this and the collector continually kept denying permission .
mann ki baat gives me a great opportunity to be connected with you .
as a society, as a nation can we make it a natural tendency to respect the statues of our great men .
wires and wire products .
manager logistic .
i extend felicitations to all on the occasion of mahavir jayanti .
ekta in her email writes 'the most important moment in the life of any athlete is that when he or she holds the tricolor and i am proud that i could do that .
a person called ravi has written to me good news everyday he writes please ask your officials to post about one good incident every day .
she got some money from the bank, under the mudra scheme and commenced working towards procuring some items from the market for sale .
chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds .
this is probably the first of its kind, the most widespread experiment in environment consciousness .
so, i thought i must share it with you .
postgraduate diploma in economic development .
it so happened that once i was interacting with indian youth in san jose town of america hailed as a technology hub .
i am also worried that technology evolved to reduce the distance, technology came in to being to end the boundaries .
in fact, many harmful chemicals are added to ecigarettes, which have a deleterious effect on health .
name mr rm thilakarathne .
development assistant .
lorries trucks .
i have also read about those women of garhwal, who are working together on the good work of implementing rainwater harvesting .
i do not wish to trouble you further, since i can see how busy you are with myriad pressures on the work front .
in the present 479 medical colleges, mbbs seats have been increased to about 68 thousand .
the whole country was concerned about saving tomy .
but many issues raised in mann ki baat have been adopted by the media .
some countrymen shared those incidents of this year which left a special impact on their minds, a very positive one at that .
not only the two of you but each one of our countrymen has felt an emotional attachment with our athletes who participated at the paralympics .
conducting an initial survey and reviewing it .
the treasury recognized an aggregate sum for this instrument during the budget formulation process considering the historical trends in public expenditure and budget deficits and other fiscal targets such as advance provisions to enable to improve favorable fiscal environment in the country .
the government of papua new guinea sent an sosmessage to us in june and our navy rendered help in saving the fishermen of a fishing boat .
shri khandu maruti mhatre, a farmer of narayanpur village of of junner taluka of pune got his granddaughter sonal married in a very inspiring manner .
and, whenever i got a chance to listen to poems like anandloke and aaguner, poroshmoni, i used to feel as if my mind was being energised .
fifa under 17 world cup had created a record in terms of the number of viewers on the ground .
some students wrote in english, some wrote in hindi and some in chhatisgarhi to their parents telling them that there should be toilets in their houses .
let us move forward with all renewed zeal, enthusiasm, fervor and new resolve .
a ranaviru who has suffered from disease in relation to muscles .
internal computer networking .
my dear countrymen, who doesnt love sports .
balance at 31 december 2011 .
a statement of changes in the accumulated fund had not been furnished separately .
one can also use a khadi handkerchief to welcome people, and be a support to the innumerable underprivileged .
i am very grateful to the countrymen .
they are imparting energy to fight against superstition in each and every corner across the country .
in the past few days the government has made an effort to ensure that the benefits of schemes reach out to the rightful owners .
2 no of installments .
both sinhala and english languages were made official languages of sri lanka while english language was named the link language as per 13th and 16th amendments to the constitution of sri lanka enacted in 1987 and 1988 respectively .
no special tools or fields are needed .
11 land project .
through these programmes an attempt was taken to provide assistance to fulfill the existing needs .
in 2017, the death toll on account of heat wave remarkably came down to around 220 or so .
if you dont know how to swim, then learn swimming, try doing some drawing, even if you do not end up making the best drawing, try to practice putting hand to the paper .
i do not know bangla but had the habit of rising early since my childhood and in eastern india, radio broadcasts start early while in western india these start a bit late .
i congratulate these young friends and members of the school in chandrapur, from the core of my heart .
these finest examples coming up to me show how our society is bringing change in human values and human mind and how the citizens of this country are taking the nation forward .
music unit .
child clinic .
recently i got an opportunity to take part in a programme in mumbai the inauguration of the wadhwani institute for artificial intelligence .
these have not only inspired our empathy but also changed the way of looking at the divyang people .
department of national budget .
people are connecting with this programme and ensuring their participation through t .
annex 55 .
mahatma gandhi had transformed the freedom movement into a mass movement .
friends, i touched upon the subject of water conservation in mann ki baat and today i feel that it was an issue close to your heart even before i referred to it, a matter of universal human interest .
jharkhand, a huge state is primarily tribal .
foreign funded projects under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
the second was conducted for 29 field officers from 09092015 to 11092015 .
the companies engaged for this purpose on contract basis are, .
unlawfully position of distilled spirits over than 4 ltrs .
preparing files of new beneficiaries and completion of shortcomings in the files .
raman kumar of rohini, delhi, has written on 'narendra modi mobile app' that oncoming july 6 happens to be dr .
socioeconomic development through an efficient management of public resources .
asean completed its 50 years of formation in 2017 and in 2017 25 years of india's partnership with asean were completed .
it is generally believed that such a big tax reform, in a huge country like ours with such a large population takes 5 to 7 years for effective adoption .
purchase of teledrama .
please hear what he wants to saymy name is pawan acharya and i belong to alwar, rajasthan .
and on 15thaugust 1947 india became independent .
it was as if every home had been transformed into an army post .
sri lanka broadcasting corporation .
one more problem has presented itself suppose the doctor advises that brother, take this antibiotic and he tells that 15 tablets of that to be taken over a period of five days .
it can easily grow into a peoples movement for planting trees .
there should be a number of run for unity programmes in every city, every town and the weather is also such that one would enjoy running it is essential for developing a will power of steel, like that of sardar saheb .
during emergency, every citizen of the country had started getting the feeling that something that belonged to him had been snatched away .
it has been observed by the commission that the general public has been greatly inconvenienced as most of the private hospitals deal with english language in rending their service .
their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother india .
at present, whenever im touring, it is my sincere effort to meet people beneficiaries of pmjay scheme under ayushman bharats umbrella .
a few days ago, i was reading about a farmer brother gurbachan singh from punjab .
choose source .
we get our daily bread from ganga, we get our earnings from ganga, and we get a new source of energy from ganga to live our lives .
june 16 27 .
best teledrama .
licenses category .
i see this as a good sign .
this occasion is celebrated as national sports day throughout the country .
each indian who plays any game or has interest in any game has a definite interest in hockey .
whenever you come to delhi, you must pay a visit to these places .
toilets have increased from 39 to almost 67 of the population .
and that is why the government too has taken steps to attract the new generation toward science and research innovation in the field of technology .
she has not been hailed as 'goddess of women empowerment' just for nothing .
secretary,ministry of buddhasasana and religious affairs .
ranaviru children’s savings investment scholarships .
when a game is being played, the spectators too experience a rush of energy in their beings .
but western coalfields limited has made these same coal mines a destination for tourism .
these policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated .
at the outset, i express my gratitude to lakhs of citizens of our country for sending in a multitude of suggestions when i ask for them before mann ki baat .
indias pslv c28 has launched five uk satellites, which are the heaviest satellites launched by india till date .
copyright fees paid to acquire telecast rights of programmes either local or foreign cost of produced programmes teledramas, motion pictures, films etc that meet the triple criteria of being able to identify, control existence of future economic benefits as defined in lkas 38 .
you will be pleasantly surprised listening to the story of kerala's tribal lady lakshmikutti .
name mrs ka chandrawathie .
but swati mahadik, the wife of martyr colonel santosh mahadik resolved to face the difficult situations and she joined the indian army .
“sunday spice” – variety program on meeting artists .
1 completed installation, testing and commissioning of digital tv transmission project for the northern province on february 2012 .
ascertaining as to how the assets of ministry and its institutions are safeguarded from all kinds of losses .
some have advised me to dwell upon many other books .
no 2005, sri rahula mawatha, .
nov 25 dec 06 .
if the valourous bhagwan birsa munda made us aware of our existence identity, farsighted jamsetji tata created great institutions for the country .
it is played with cowries or tamarind seeds or dice on an eight by eight square board .
the programme ‘u i’ commenced with the intention of promoting the english language was popular programme among the viewers .
stocks have been valued at lower of cost and net realizable value after making due allowing for obsolete items .
special prgrammes .
name mr ka susil premanath .
it inspired linking these two dates for this reason, the government of india, along with the cooperation of the state governments, has launched a campaign from gram uday to bharat uday from the rise of villages to the ascent of india, over the 10day period between 14th april and 24th april .
9 intangible assets .
illustrious sons of mother india, such as birsa munda have come into being in each every part of the country .
similarly, nidhi dubeys husband mukesh dubey was a naik in the army and attained martyrdom while fighting for his country his wife nidhi also took a resolve and joined the army .
2011 targeted number of financial assistance .
a change can now be seen in the form of public participation in rural and urban areas alike .
2the structure of the institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
it has been around 70 years of independence but we are still using a foreign gold coin only or the gold bullion bars, these are also used by the foreigners .
the 550th prakash parv of guru nanak dev ji will be celebrated in 2019 .
divisional secretariat kelaniya .
i feel fortunate that the occasion of the great festival of budha purnima is celebrated as vesak day by the united nations .
nobody has paid attention towards this department .
service, truth and everybodys wellbeing was the message of guru nanak dev .
discount is offered on khadi from 2nd october and people get quite a good rebate .
i myself went to prayagraj a few days ago and saw that the preparations for the kumbh were progressing on a war footing .
remembarance program conducted in national and provincial level .
the scheduling unit supports the marketing division to fulfil their income targets by proper scheduling and telecasting of advertisements obtained from clients through healthy relationships .
due to our special request from us, the number of workshops was increased to 03 .
42 audit committees .
for this, he had to pay a heavy price in his old age .
the enslaved india which was gazed at by the world in a much distorted manner was forced to change its way of looking at india due to the words of a great man like swami vivekananda on september 11, 1893 .
planning division .
submit recommendations to the department of management services on the recruitment of new staff to statutory boards based on availability of budgetary provisions and actual needs of such institutions .
the whole world including india enjoyed this mega festival of sports and this whole tournament was both full of interest and entertainment for football lovers .
sinhala, tamil and english and foreign language courses are being conducted in a language laboratory equipped with modern technology for those interested in following national and international languages on halfyearly study courses .
now the times are such that children, when they come home, they either start watching cartoons in a corner, or are glued to mobile games .
decrease in miscellaneous income .
special poojas were taken place at sri kathirvelautha temple in kegalle in order to celebrate 66th independence day of sri lanka .
the way yoga was received and was welcomed with open arms around the world, there would not be any indian who would not be proud of it .
this time india is hosting the biggest sanitation convention of the world so far, the mahatma gandhi international sanitation convention .
shyama prasad mukherjee was the first industries minister of india and, in a sense, helaid a strong foundation for indias industrial development, he had prepared a solid base, it was he who had prepared a stout platform .
01establishment of language associations .
2 walpane .
i hail from roing, arunachal pradesh .
1 supplying prizes for the bakmaha ulela conducted by the watupitiwala ranaviru village .
on that day, the world appeared to be like one big happy family .
on every tuesday .
divyang brothers sisters from different parts of the country participated displayed their stellar skills .
i hope you get the opportunity to visit the picturesque islands and its pristine beaches .
in this memorable journey of clean india, listeners have also contributed a lot to the mann ki baat' forum and that is why im happy to share the fact that more than five lakh fifty thousand villages and 600 districts have declared themselves free of open defecation and sanitation coverage has crossed 98 limit in rural india whereas latrines have been provided to nearly nine crore households .
dina asiriya, .
in the nations history, there are innumerable accounts of this sacred thread, binding together people of distant lands, different religions, around a spindle of trust .
today, due to this hobby, he garnered respect not only in india but the entire world .
it symbolises our national consciousness .
on the contrary social values and society are .
programmes broadcast over azad hind radio were very popular amongst the populace their programmes were a major source of inspiration strength to our freedom fighters .
conducting workshops for computer instructors .
like gandhiji, deen dayal upadhyayji also talked about the last person at the farthest fringes .
a the evidence indicated against the following items appearing in the financial statements had not been furnished to audit .
name mrs akp fernando .
finance cost .
on the 15th of september, people from all sections across the country connected themselves to this voluntary cleaning movement .
in order to ensure that the fruits of progress rightly reach all sections of society, it is imperative that our society is freed of these ills .
i was reading an old interview with the celebrated army officer sam manekshaw .
a public finance circular no pf423 of 22 december 2006 paragraph 4 3 c .
the underprivileged of the country are deeply connected to lord jagannath .
department of government factory .
no awarded .
we must usher in the auspicious in 2018, enter the new year with the resolution of the auspiciouswe know that in our part of the world, and probably all around the world around the ending of the year we take a stock, contemplate, and draw plans for the next year .
and it is said that lakhs of years ago it was all one landmass later from the indian ocean two parts got separated .
identification of members and conducting reviews .
in the medals chart, our tally was only two medals .
let us take the example of mr sachin tendulkar .
and hats off to him, he has constructed 100 toilets in bhojpura village so far taking it as a divine cause and providing his labour services without charging a penny .
conducting conversational workshops on the implementation of the official language policy .
take the examples of khadi and handloom .
a few days ago, aleenataayang, a student from far off arunachal has written an interesting letter to me .
acquired or produced local programmes other than local teledramas and films .
20072014 23072014 .
issuing or applying researchers and policy statements that commission considers necessary in relation to the status or application of particular languages .
the old schemes continue along with the newly implemented schemes and there is also a wait for the next scheme on the anvil .
transport loan .
this means, i can closely get a fair idea of your point, in terms of extrapolating a solution to a certain problem on a society wide scale .
reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed india, i along with all of you pay tributes to atalji .
music programs .
muslim programs unit .
they consider this area as a fish reserve and they get plentiful of healthy fishes because of this belief of theirs .
13 seminars for final exam for aranery teachers have been conducted .
1500 copies of the book and 3000 cds containing the guidelines of hand book have been produced .
one can only imagine the predicament of these teenagers in the face of death, where every second was fraught with danger on the one hand they were struggling against all odds .
to make this programme even more interesting many other means were employed .
the 25th of january was the formation day of the election commission, which is celebrated now as the national voters day .
and i have been told that almost half the beneficiaries are women, the mothers and the daughters .
i had told about my cleanliness campaign that it will create new entrepreneurs .
lord jagannath is the god of the poor .
d budgetary control .
18 financial statement .
for the last one month, environmentally conscious citizens have constantly written letters to me .
his effort is that no family member should take to smoking .
aesthetic education branch .
but if we change our outlook and our perspective towards them, then these people can inspire us to live they can inspire us to do a lot .
we had a problem of water scarcity in our area and we used to depend on an army pipeline for the last forty years .
programme material foreign .
creating a conducive environment for national and international communities civil societies to contribute towards developmental activities voluntarily for the betterment of affected parties .
hence i too heard the speech and watched the match .
i would like to remind you one thing in advance .
it was a pleasant experience for me to talk to our farmer brothers and sisters and scientists and to listen and understand their experiences in farming and getting to know about innovations in the agricultural sector .
my dear countrymen, i firmly believe that you must have felt immensely proud on indias achievement beyond the skies .
to comomorate 12th anniversary of dharmasiri senanayake .
following observations are made .
1facilitation of language plan programme .
10 user training on microsoft office 2010 .
thaippongal celebration was arranged by the department and celebrated in jaffna navalar manimandapam, vavuniya, kilinochchi, kaluthara, colombo, nuwara eliya, puttalam, trincomalee and batticaloa districts on 20140114 .
this medal awards presentation had a good influence on creating respect and self esteem towards the war heroes’ relatives in the name of the war hero .
he appeared at the test for recruitment into the air force, and failed in that .
payments to news readers editors .
everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water .
i cannot do everything alone by myself .
a lot of the poor have been benefitted .
non availability of a block of land is a barrier to secure other welfare requirements .
but, you must be aware that during the 1965war, lal bahadur shastri ji was leading us and then also similar feelings of rage, anger and patriotic fervour were sweeping the nation .
the natural beauty of north east has no parallel and the people of this area are extremely talented .
increase of income from the treasury bills .
categorization of computer centers provincial wise .
thus ever since the day it became public knowledge that rainfall this year is expected to be between 106 and 110 it seems as if tidings of peace and happiness have come .
this experience will teach you a lot .
rental for tx stations .
noof temples .
i respectfully bow to harivansh rai ji .
can anyone even imagine the greatness of his personality, that, even after thousands of years, the festival comes along with renewed novelty, a new inspiration with fresh energy .
you must be aware that our divyang sportspersons won 4 medals in the rio olympics through their stellar performances they also emerged champions in the t20 cricket world cup for the visually challenged .
they will foil with their valour every such conspiracy, and they are the ones to reach the pinnacle of bravery so that we, their 1 25 billion fellow countrymen, can live peacefully and be happy .
conducted at welikanda, alsepura, maithirugama sri sutharshnarama vihara, polonnaruwa from 31052014 to 01062014 .
agency commission payable .
a number of organisations have also successfully carried out many experiments to promote digital transactions amongst the rural folk and poor farmers .
this program televised under the theme “sathara diganthe” is produced at external locations focusing on the tourism industry .
the government does not wish that our countrymen should face undue hardships .
atalji was a true patriot .
colombo– seethawaka, senehasaka thaksalawa integration programme of students of schools located in the north and south .
implementing recommendations of the committee on language proficiency of public officers, appointed by the cabinet .
around 150 artists from jaffna, batticaloa, ampara and up country participated .
now we will have to focus on quality education .
i am very glad that a large number of people gave positive responses on social media platform, mygov and the narendra modi app and shared their experiences .
programme on prevention of drugs was held in killinochchi in which 59 youths participated .
those youth who have dared to ask questions and have had the courage to dream big .
some people feel that digital india is to do with the world of the youth in our cities .
this programme is meant to evaluate the skills of children of hose dead or missing, disabled and in service war heroes and their siblings .
it is due to our collective efforts that our country has seen unprecedented improvement in the ease of doing business rankings .
ensure efficient utilization of human resources and budgetary provisions allocated to the department .
when those officers make subsequent claims for the money, such payments are debited to this account .
thursday, 24 august 2017 .
you can register yourselves for the swachch bharat summer internship on mygov .
my dear countrymen, the government, society, institutions, organizations, in fact everyone, is making some or the other effort towards greater cleanliness .
the talent of bhajju shyam ji, who made india proud in many nations abroad, was also recognized and he was awarded the padma shri .
this programme highlighted the project of yodha wewa in the northern and eastern areas with postwar progress have allowed paddy cultivation to resume successfully .
it has revealed to the entire world that india is the land of great scientists and with a strong leadership, india can reach loftier destinations and earn new laurels .
satellite related charges foreign .
the way people have expressed their wish to know about kedar, i feel a similar effort on your part to lay emphasis on positive things, which i get to know through your expressions .
b out of the programmes targeted in terms of the annual action plan, 03 programmes had not been executed while the progress of the two remained programmes had been 20 percent and 40 percent .
other receivables .
according to the financial statements presented, the financial results generated from the operations for the year under review amounted to a deficit of as compared with the corresponding deficit of for the preceding year, thus indicating a deterioration of in the financial results .
motor racing events .
so i would appeal to all guardians and parents to give not just enough time and attention to their children but also to everything thats happenings in their school .
bank balance boc torrington branch .
fabrication and installation of 2 nos water management gates and 3 nos radial gates for deduru oya project .
2 national ranaviru remembrance day .
of which the health sector is special .
improvement of the earning capacity of families of those dead, missing, retired with disability and in service war heroes who have done much for safe guarding the country and the people, through enhancing capacity while imparting practical and theoretical knowledge in different fields to suit to their education qualifications and talents .
i believe this is gainful and this kind of a challenge will inspire us to be fit along with others, as well .
organisation works .
fixed deposit .
just dont see it, show it to others too .
hand book of simple language guidelines for preparation of language plans of the district secretariats and divisional secretariats .
45 budgetary control .
daily live telecast for gce ol al students .
my dear countrymen, especially my young friends, we have been getting glad tidings from the field of sports .
india takes great pride in the fact that tamil is the most ancient of world languages .
trained country .
mann ki baat in a way has completed a year .
sivagami aranery school, .
my dear countrymen, the sky offers the rarest of hues .
you can also provide it on mygov .
during these last days, many great aspects of atalji came up to the fore .
equity and liabilities .
legal assistant .
our target was to set the above record in the year 2011 and we were able to fulfill our determination in the year 2012 .
name mr im gunasekara .
so, this is our achievement in 2017 .
friends, all of us know that as indias first home minister, sardar patel undertook the colossal, historic task of integrating princely states .
b financial regulations 756 .
we also have to run for unity in order to promote the mantra of unity .
since we have taken several steps to improve the status of office building and staff we expect that we would be able to provide more efficient and useful service for the ranaviru community .
today, i want to narrate the story of a sarpanch in the 'mann ki baat' programme .
special projects under the skills development project .
sorry, this page is under construction .
money has been paid in three installments for community hall and the final installment will be paid once the work is completed .
in individual households, festivals and cleanliness are linked together .
1st may is the foundation day of the states of gujarat and maharashtra .
it was conducted on 04th and 05th of april 2014 at vivekananda college, orr’s hill, trincomalee .
budget under mnrega is also utilized for this water conservation activity .
accordingly, the budget 2015 targeted the strategies to raise per capita income and transforming sri lanka to poverty free country by 2016 .
and you can do this through your mobile phone by going to 10 houses daily and bringing 10 families daily under the ambit of this campaign .
the first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness .
and i can share these small things with you through the app .
all these topics will be discussed .
payments for maintenance services .
table 21 utilization of provisions 2014 .
everybody is now getting connected with this fit india campaign .
ncc cadets, nss volunteers, engineering students all together decided that the toilets will be constructed by them .
not only this, if they are chopped into small bits, they can act as a dry fruit for cattle .
it is said that in 2014 india had about six and a half crore diabetics .
my dear countrymen,this great land, india, has given birth to innumerable great men, men whose deeds for the sake for humanity have been extraordinary, truly unforgettable .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the agrarian development fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
10yearold abhinav shaw hailing from asansol is the youngest gold medallist in the khelo india games .
we can all learn from gandhi ji what it means to begin a life of public service, how hard one has to work, as gandhi did .
annex 12 .
despite causing some hardships, rains make every human heart rejoice since rains, and agriculture, are the focal point of our entire sphere of economic activities .
13092011anuradhapura northern camp .
b overtime payments .
someone gave me a suggestion .
the news division played a significant role by telecasting live coverage of dayata kirula, vesak and poson festival .
an era was born, that charted the course of human history on an altogether new path, with trail blazing accomplishments on the way .
my good wishes to all of you .
i urge the young generation to know and understand the fortitude and the sentiment displayed by these families .
it is about experiences in your daily lives .
for instance, charges for photos and stamps for nic, birth certificates, marriage certificates and death certificates and charges for new marriages were provided with individuals concerned without being charged .
continuing in the same vein, i feel, today, that i should definitely have a talk with my young friends .
let us also make our contribution in enhancing this campaign .
while formulating a standard form in writing the common names of all sri lankan districts, cities and villages in sinhala, tamil and english is another objective, the task was not implemented as it was implemented by the department of survey with its representation .
in a way, we terrify a patient with constant references to his ailment .
the corporation recognizes revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured when it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the corporation the primary source of revenue is derived from sale of airtime .
activities related to appointments, transfers and promotions .
this country can never forget their sacrifice .
how the common man of this country keeps on inspring me all the time .
these are your banks and now you should never leave them .
today when i talk to you, i want to mention that around a year back the jan dhan yojana was started at a large scale .
this phone call will also attract your attention .
this time, maximum number of letters are from children who have written about exams .
let us all remember mahatma gandhi and lal bahadur shastri and take a pledge to do something for the country .
23 1 with holding tax .
investment income please refer table 8 .
in last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures .
the needs assessment workshop with regard to carrying out technical training for preparation of language plans of the government institutions was conducted with the contribution of the asia foundation .
his slogan jai jawan, jai kisan is the hall mark of his grand personality .
at some point of time they will also have to think of this novel experience that has defied conventional thinking .
it is said that bhagini nivedita was the inspiration .
3 facilitation and service providing division .
the municipal councils and corporations in gujarat, numbering over 150 have been declared free from open defecation .
mumbai or surat, your clarion call has led people to adopt cleanliness as a mission .
building and construction technology .
under mnrega also a stress has been given to create assets for water conservation .
5 being paid money for renovation of play compound .
swachchh bharat mission is completing two years on this day .
people from normal backgrounds who could not step inside banks can now avail loan facilities from the mudra yojana .
my dear countrymen, today i want to express my gratitude to all of you .
if there is a topic related to yoga, then can indians lag behind others .
my dear countrymen, we had taken a resolve in last months mann ki baat and had decided to observe a 15day cleanliness festival before gandhi jayanti .
we can also smell the fragrance of righteousness .
this people to people contact is a big contribution of akashvani .
you will see how a tradition becomes your habit .
it will be decided whether to make the payment for a year or two based on the grade in which the student is studying .
it will be a matter of pride and it is our duty to enhance the honour of our teachers in the society .
review and implementation of budget 2014 .
the production services division consists of 11 units .
students, teachers, parents and priests of both hindu and buddhist get together in a place and exchange their opinions which lead to know about the arts, culture and traditions of each community .
expenditure heading 5 financial assistance in emergencies .
profit before income tax .
unveiling of a ranaviru monument erected by hanguranketha ranaviru community on 07062011 .
and if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment .
peoples anger was at its peak .
preserving hindu religious practices for sustaining and developing hindu religion and culture .
or gurgaons divyang angel anushka panda, who suffers from a hereditary disorder called spinal muscular atrophy .
my dear young friends, the country celebrates national sports day on the 29th of august .
the major responsibility that was entrusted with the department was the formulation of 04 textbooks both in sinhala and tamil languages in simple style to be used easily with the view to providing facilities to learn the second language for public officers as per 82arecommendations under the implementation of recommendations made by the committee appointed by the cabinet of ministers on the language proficiency of public officers .
this mantra of unity is like a sacrament in our life and in a country like ours filled with diversities, we should continue to strengthen this mantra of unison on all paths, at every bend, and at every pitstop .
in this context it is prominent that we gather the ideas from the staff members as a solution for the problems such as the strategies taken for program standardization, identifying the problems experiencing by the management as well as the staff members and planning the remedies in order to solve such problems in future .
based on these positive results, the program for strengthening law enforcement, equitable access to justice and social cohesion has been built by structuring and improving some of these coordinating units, leading to more radical reforms in justice .
my dear countrymen, shri mangesh from maharashtra has shared a photo on the narendra modi mobile app .
implementing trilingual programmes in national festivals, .
14 basis for qualified audit opinion my opinion is qualified based on the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report .
as at 1st january 2009 .
you can choose your own convenient time to listen to it .
and i require your physical help, your own time, your own resolve and i am sure that you will not disappoint me because we are the ones nurturing the desire to change for better the life of the poor people of india .
sri wishudharamaya, gampola .
other than dramas, the makeup unit provided their service to the other station productions such as new year live programs, vesak poson poya live programs, vesak tele drama and carols, monthly poya live programs, ‘sitha nivana katha’ tele series, dayata kirula, documentary programs, educational programs, catholic programs, christmas tele dramas and carols .
you possibly dont know that you are the ones who make me walk, who make me run and keep me full of life and zest .
they have shared their vacation plans .
conducting english training workshops .
this is an opportunity for encouraging entrepreneurship .
this book contains research article related to hindu religion, history of hindu religion, philosophy, traditions, and hindu religious leaders, books, temples and fastings .
accepting the ngos as responsive service providers to beneficiaries with the intervention and supervision of the government .
but tabaabi devi created history by bagging the silver medal at the youth olympics .
observing guru poojas of hindu saints, conducting hindu lectures and preserving the traditions by conducting hindu festivals .
i have experienced this .
there are a lot of similarities amongst us .
initially we were not aware of the damage we did it because the others did it .
my heartiest greetings and best wishes to you all on this new year .
promoting hindu religious education and encouraging to preserve moral values in aranery schools .
for the previous three 15th august speeches, one consistent complaint has been that my speeches tend to be a little lengthy .
when i get to read in your letters how a rickshaw puller from karimgunj in assam, ahmed ali, has built nine schools for underprivileged children, i witness firsthand the indomitable willpower this country possesses .
we will have to shift our priority from literacy campaign to good education .
achieve excellence in creative content and dissemination of timely and valued, educational, entertaining and informative programmes through dedicated team work and stateoftheart technology to exceed the expectation of sri lankans everywhere .
under this programme, process of facilitation has been started by the provincial centres to develope kuruwita and rathnapura divisional secretariats and karachchi and punagari divisional secretariats as innovative model centres .
telbeddawattha land .
estimated production units .
you must have heard the name of bhajju shyam of madhya pradesh, shri bhajju shyam was born in a very poor tribal family .
mariyappan thangavelu won a gold medal in high jump .
but the end result of this is that six people in the same house are sitting in the same room but they are separated by unimaginable distances .
and those who opened their accounts under the pradhan mantri jan dhanyojna, have received the benefit of insurance as well .
friends, for our nation and the constituent states, as well as for the tourism industry, this 'statue of unity' can be a subject of research .
and, all of us took a resolve that on the 150th birth anniversary of revered bapu, we shall make some contribution in the direction of making clean india which he had dreamt of .
we can alleviate poverty when everyone including society and governments focuses attention on measures to provide benefits of development to the poor .
national security and law enforcement .
land and buildings comprise transmission stations and head officers .
it is not that the parents were not aggrieved, it is not that the mothers eyes had ceased to be moist .
our parents, even today, insist on focusing on studies and academics .
public health services .
officers of this department attended meetings of the committee on public accounts copa held to examine the auditor general’s reports on advance accounts in 2014, in parliament .
sujatha diyaniya .
similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others .
we watch the advertisement on tv but do not pay attention .
translating a thought into reality was his forte .
data entry operator .
staff salaries and all other staff benefits were paid without any delay and statutory deductions were remitted to the respective institutions on or before the deadline .
divisional secretariat thanamalwila .
in sound byte my name is abhi chaturvedi .
i too participated in a programme held at jodhpur in the land of the valiant, rajasthan .
other recurrent expenses .
an adequate course of action had been launched with the national crafts council to bring all these designs for use by the craftsmen .
if we are not aware of safety in daily life, if we are not able to attain a certain level, it will get extremely difficult during the time of disasters .
7 kataragama .
on this day, we celebrate the unbreakable bond that exists between indians in india and indians living around the globe .
daughter ekta bhyan in 2003, lost the use of half of her lower body due to road accident, but this daughter did not lose courage and made herself all the more stronger to perform this grand feat .
apart from the production of these programs, religious programs were also produced by the documentary unit .
i psychosocial project .
name mrymrathnayake .
but the start has been good .
skin diseases charma roga .
the asha worker jamuna manisingh decided that she will not let anyone die of malaria .
the mantra of national unity is the very foundation of a strong and great india .
i can imagine how proud our soldiers feel at this moment .
without your contribution and cooperation, this journey of mann ki baat would have been incomplete .
recently our daughters performed brilliantly in the womens cricket world cup .
goods are also being transported much faster .
all of us have seen that the sea appears blue, but we know from routine life experiences that water has no colour at all .
31 management inefficiencies .
supporting the uttama puja pranama medals presentaion .
nov 11 21 .
conducting research on hindu religion and tami culture .
312people’s movement for bilingual action programme .
he believed that the person seeing his painting should comprehend the painting in totality, from his own perspective, understand the message imparted by him in the particularpainting .
as a high gearing ratio is indicated, the possibility of that affecting the going concern of the corporation cannot be ruled out .
on this occasion kalam saheb had recited a poem dedicated to revered swamiji .
this time, not one but ten chief guests would grace the republic day .
guru nanak dev ji voiced three messages for a meaningful, fulfilling life chant the name of the almighty, work hard and help the needy .
ministry of human resource development, govt of india has initiated a national discovery campaign .
and the interesting fact is that compared to last year the fertilizer sales of gnfc have gone up by 27 percent .
stated capital .
the bhimapp was launched just about two to two and a half months ago, but approximately one and half crore people have downloaded it .
foreign employment promotion and welfare .
material variances were observed between the income and expenditure according to the budget and the actual income and expenditure, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of management control .
the land unit of the ranaviru sewa authority took this situation into consideration making arrangements to provide blocks of land to war heroes and also helped indirectly to find them land for housing .
more than two thousand seven hundred lakh tonnes of food grains have been produced in the country this year .
rehabilitation of hindu temples and institutions .
in remembrance of these great men, on the foundation day of these two states, we should take the pledge of taking our state, our country, our society, our city, and our family to glorious heights in 2022, when we celebrate 75 years of independence .
thrikonamitiya programme – gceol .
balance as at 01012010 .
11 opinion .
there must be numerous daughters amongst us who, through there perseverance, diligence and talent have brought glory to their families, society and the country .
it has been one month since gst was implemented and its benefits can be seen already .
annex 37 .
functions of the institution .
63 teacher training programmes .
accordingly in 2012, entries were sent in for international competitions such as prix jeunesse international in germany, abu prize 2012 in malaysia, world tv awards in thailand, u r i t grand prix author’s documentary in france, japan prize 2012 in tokyo, japan .
e achievement of production targets .
expenditure january to june .
a sense of belonging towards the village and towards ones roots and also a spirit to show and do something is naturally there in each and every indian .
it was gandhijis wish that the lifestyle of the people of india be depicted through the medium of art and this artwork may be exhibited during the session .
conducting special language training courses in sinhala,tamil and english languages for persons belonging to special categories such as interpreters, translators and stenographers .
official address provincial department of education, welagedara road, badulla .
health clinic .
the contribution of correspondents was also a great influence for the production of news and more scope was provided for correspondence at the 1000 pm news and the hourly news .
01 members of the armed services with at least 12 year service record 5 more year service period needed .
sergeant major .
today our ranking in fifa is so low that i feel reluctant even to mention it .
motor cycles .
wellawaya zone .
when i would listen to the stories of a common man, his guileless words narrating his experience would touch my heart .
in its journey of 25 years, it has created an atmosphere of hope and confidence in the countrymen .
other areas requiring economical water control .
d revision of the syllabus for the registration of traditional medical practitioners .
do not do anything that may bring the names of the poor on record for wrong reasons and land my dear poor people into trouble during the investigation later on account of your foul deeds .
promoting social integration through arts and culture .
my dear countrymen, the monsoon comes along, bringing a new ray of hope to our toiling farmers .
who amongst us does not know the vedic shloka 'tamso ma jyotirgamaya' .
raga maydai, .
how to mount on the journey of life with the interplay of body, mind, thoughts and behavior can be better realized and understood through yoga .
retention with holding turnover tax .
empowering the general public in relation to the implementation of official language policy .
and, what is that picture about .
construction, engineering services, housing and common amenities .
however, since i had to attend that program some thoughts kept coming iin my mind .
creating an awareness on the legal responsibility of public servants in providing a bilingual public service could be said as the other objective of this programme .
some say that i keep one day a week as cycleday as it is good for my health .
office labourers .
programmes produced by this unit during the year 2012 .
sister nivedita and scientist jagdish chandra basu are a powerful testimony to this .
after all, our dream of 'new india' is the one where women are strong and empowered and are equal partners in the development of the country .
luckily i got another chance to celebrate deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel .
34 unusual increases in expenses .
ive seen a lot of young people these days, spending time in learning new things .
0800 pm to 0830 pm – main sinhala news .
classes commenced in 2015 and not duly completed .
we have seen how closely the power of ram naam, the chant of lord rams name, permeated every moment of revered bapus life .
district court .
they had some demands but when the deliberations began, issues such as conditions in the valley, the law and order situation, the future of children came up in a natural manner .
whether it is the battle of haji pir, chaminda or asal uttar and the visuals of our victory near haji pir, we feel thrilled and immensely proud of our soldiers .
contra expenses 50 .
your inner human potential will awaken and this will provide a great opportunity for development .
due to tireless efforts of many people the nation is making rapid progress .
03 supported the initial organizing work and participated in ranaviru day function .
its core strength lies in the fact that if, even from a distance of 2000 km, a missile is launched to attack india, our missile can preemptively destroy it in the space itself .
01 close relatives of war heroes died in action .
expenses for ntv channel block vote .
deputy director .
referred institution .
glossaries related to the army, navy and airforce .
anshul ji, i thank you for raising this issue .
in a very short time, 21st june has got worldwide recognition as world yoga day and is connecting people .
but i feel i must share with you what he has written most prominently .
even children with a seemingly serious countenance start expressing themselves while playing, the innate child within them comes to the fore .
and from that emanated my feeling and resolve that this diwali must be dedicated to our security forces .
manufacture bag .
they included men as well as women .
if you remember positive events, then you will be in a mood to do good around you .
“yasa isuru” teledrama .
though it was reported that the information relating to the exports division for the years 2008 and 2009 had been deleted, such information for the year 2010 and 2011 had not been also produced to audit .
training expenditure – internal .
the construction of the watertank in telangana's thimmaipalli is changing the lives of the people of the village .
action plan of current projects .
and everybody feels that the people should get the right news and good news .
vanakkam nethra .
salariesallowances – .
one objective is to create an awareness on language rights among general public and thereby create an interest towards a bilingual public service .
it is an example of how the voice of unison can bestow strength upon our country .
changes in new standards, amendments and interpretation issued but not effective for the financial year beginning 1 january 2012 and not early adopted .
11 new ftp facility to news room with sri lanka telecom shared 100gb disk space and point to point leased line from slt to sri lanka rupavahini corporation news room .
in earlier times, such diseases were known as 'rajrog' which means diseases that used to afflict only the rich or those who lived a life of luxury .
now the examinations have ended and you must be done with your plans to enjoy the vacation .
223 accounts receivables and payables .
research on hindu religion .
you must get connected with it, get information about this initiative, add some new facet to poshan abhiyaan by contributing to it .
friends, certain turns in life make our hearts swell with joy zest .
anyway, being the first match, it is naturally memorable, but i will cherish it for a special reason .
project number and name 03 .
we have been hearing this as a natural fact right from our childhood and the reason is, the noncooperation movement was launched on the 1st of august 1920 .
this year we organized a program on pravasi bharatiya divas, where all mps and mayors of indian origin were invited .
name ms r anantharani .
today when i refer to babasaheb, when i talk about ramanujacharya, im also reminded of the great 12th century saint social reformer from karnataka jagat guru basaveshwar yesterday i got the opportunity to be part of a function .
all universities and affiliated institutions in the western province took part in this workshop .
c according to the prevailing customs rewards scheme, the payment of rewards to the officers is not made only from the fines imposed on the parties involved in customs duty frauds, but also from 50 per cent of the tax receivable by the government from those parties .
public relations and reception unit .
in addition, legal obstructions existed in implementing this decision and amendments regarding the said matter had been forwarded to the department of legal draftsman .
no of aranery school students 285,067 .
april 03,04 .
medical assistance programme .
the film ‘bashu’ .
annex 52 .
gujarat too has an illustrious tradition of observing van mahotsav .
india defeated pakistan in the final of the blind t20 world cup held earlier this month to become world champions for the second consecutive time and thus raised our national prestige to a new height .
i once again urge that we should try and take forward the khadi movement .
our women players won a silver medal at the asian rugby sevens trophy recently .
auctioneer’s license .
kandy district committee meeting on 18072011 .
610 fee levying study courses .
5 thousand crores to 13 thousand crores .
my dear countrymen, this time the session of parliament became the object of ire of our countrymen .
in the emblem of our national human rights commission, the ideal mantra harking back to vedic period sarve bhavantu sukhinah is inscribed .
the river flows under the rispana bridge before passing by my home .
today, when there is confrontation and human suffering prevalent everywhere in the world, lord buddha's teachings show the way to rid hatred from the world with compassion .
but it has been estimated that more than 80 of these one crore families chose to go to the distributor, stand in a queue and give in writing that they wish to surrender their subsidy .
therefore, we need to not only conserve our forests, flora and fauna, but also create an environment wherein they can flourish properly .
all of us know that in a few days time, the worlds largest sports event, the biggest sports carnival will take place .
visit previous website .
we together should all resolve to save every drop of water and i believe that water is god's prasad to us, water is like philosopher's stone .
facilitating relevant locallevel processes and mechanisms aimed at improving service delivery systems, particularly in the areas of legal aid, prison administration and access to documentation are done by this project on equal access to justice .
3250 teachers from 773 aranery schools in 22 districts namely jaffna, batticaloa, kandy, nuwara eliya, kilinochchi, mullaitivu, ampara, kegalle, matale, badulla, puttalam, trincomalee, ratnapura, kaluthara, polonnaruwa, colombo, kurunagala, galle, matara, gampaha, mannar and vavuniya have been paid the allowance this year .
this is a significant, cutting edge competency in the arena of security .
disable war heroes project operating expenses .
why not learn them .
the old or the young, men or women, city or village everyone has become a part of this cleanliness campaign now .
name mrsymcdyaparahna .
you just need to make small regular changes in order to transform your habits, making them a part of your way of life .
the mutthi bhar dhaanya initiative has turned into a big movement in nashik .
preparation of a list of old housing aid recipients .
in 1899, plague broke out in calcutta and hundreds of people lost their lives in no time .
a utilization of capital provision .
and this is the very essence, the real inspiration behind scientific inventions and discoveries .
he would wake up at 5 in the morning, visit households one by one, awaken them and used gesticulations to wean them away from open defecation .
peacekeeping operation is not an easy task .
this campaign has enthused people from all strata of society .
providing officers of national integration promotion coordinatorsassistants with the training on preparation of language plans .
web streaming service .
these five years were indeed decisive .
generally we dont think of coal mines as places to be visited .
the inventions handed over included 205 inventions needed for the craftsmen and 86 graphic designs .
land administration .
when we see pictures of miners, we wonder what it must be like out there .
i send my best wishes to you thank you .
before the onset of gst scheme, there were 17 different types of taxes prevailing in the country, but now only one tax is applicable in the entire country .
i say what is wrong in it .
development lottery draw, .
since this encyclopedia is an useful document to all tamil speaking hindu people in the world, president of malaysian thiruvakku thirupeedam came forward to republish this encyclopedia .
the social welfare fund is an integrated part of statement of financial position .
whenever a discussion about parliament is there nowadays, it is about holdups, noisy scenes and stalling the proceedings but when something good happens, it is not given much importance .
this is a record number of pilgrims post the apocalyptic events of 2013 .
mahatma gandhi used to say, no science has dropped from the skies in a perfect form .
farmers need fertile soil in their fields to grow crops .
01names of 210 war heroes who qualified at the interviews were sent to the madurawela divisional secretariat for distribution land from nagahakanda estate in madurawela .
name mr sk mallawaarachchi .
besides, clear guidelines were defined to disqualify the defector .
vi workinprogress .
my dear countrymen, the month of august is significant because it is filled with historically important dates and festivals, but due to the weather sometimes sickness also enters the house .
52, ariyadasa peiris mw, .
feb 0608 .
contract basis .
once again, i congratulate these daughters and their spirit of adventure for bringing laurels to the country, for raising the glory of the navy and significantly so, for conveying to the world that indias daughters are no less .
taking steps to create a learningfriendly environment in a school for children in negombo .
siththi vinayakar temple, poonagary .
in the 12th century, he had laid down his profound thoughts on labour workers .
aug 4 14 .
all of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th january .
insurance corporation medical scheme .
yoga in true terms, became the core reason to connect the entire world .
license details .
i skills development project .
computer training workshop – moratuwa university .
prize giving ceremony for the students who passed the examination was held on 18th october 2014 at new kathiresan hall, bambalapity .
on reading further, i came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology .
management of budget 2014 .
brothers and sisters, today with pride and joy i would like to mention that a bill in connection with my governments mission on divyangjan, that is, differently or specially abled people was passed in parliament .
today, as we live in the 21st century, which indian wouldnt want to see india change, which indian wouldnt want to be a partner in the transformation of the country .
number of loans granted in 2011 05 .
the fact is, stories of the valour and patriotism of our heroes should be told and retold to our newer generations in ways more than one .
my dear countrymen, you may often have heard me say no bouquet, just a book .
i congratulate these young people for this innovative experiment and i am happy that these young professionals, technocrats and others associated with the world of engineering, got out of their comfort zone to make a connect with the farmer, the village, fields and barns .
the ranaviru sewa authority has introduced this housing loan scheme to make the dream of a house of ranaviru families a reality .
current affairs unit .
but this cannot happen with just the efforts of the government or by doctors or medicines till you dont do something about it .
we have seen around us, that, even if the father in any house is a chain smoker, still he tries to stop the rest of the household from smoking and wants his children not to fall prey to the habit of cigarettes or bidis .
just last week i went to bhutan .
deepawali is celebrated with great fervor and enthusiasm throughout our country .
may the nation move forward and may the year two thousand twenty two 75 years of indias independence be an attempt to realize the dreams of our freedom fighters, the resolve of 125 crore countrymen, with their tremendous hard work, courage and determination to fulfill our resolve and prepare a roadmap for five years we have moved on .
puttalam zone .
it is true that words have their own significance .
he keeps imparting knowledge about digital usage to his passengers all the time .
my dear countrymen, during diwali festivities, kartik purnima is also a festival of lights called prakash utsav .
the above total provision was utilized as follows .
board of management .
name mr mc perera .
listeners were made aware of the programmes through teaser programme .
obtaining the services of a translator in the case of doctors lacking bilingual proficiency .
twoday residential training workshop for disabled war heroes .
on the 16th of may, a team comprising five tribal students of an ashram school in chandrapur, maharashtra maneesha dhurve, pramesh ale, umakant madhavi, kavidas katmode and vikas soyam scaled the worlds highest peak .
a section 83 of the public enterprises circulars no ped12 of 02 june 2003 .
music unit, .
i had mentioned in my speech on 15th august 2015 that this tradition of interview should at least end at some level .
annex 56 .
sometimes we are so busy, that we even forget to offer water to the newspaper boy, the milkman, the vegetable seller, the postman or anybody else who come to our house in peak summer days .
the government is continuously making efforts in this regard .
ways and means to connect with the people and lending hues of freedom to their day to day work were taught .
this is a festival linked with nature .
computer certificate .
guru nanak devji said that the service to the poor and the needy is service to god .
in the first stage, textbooks for first 5 grades have been reformed and ready to print .
superintendent of excise .
research assistant .
and, whoever reads that debate will feel proud about what actually the vision of a life dedicated to the nation is .
acceptance tests .
i have reiterated again and again that i am open to any suggestion in the interest of the farmers .
kuliyapitiya zone .
i was reading about the collective endeavour in vellore of tamilnadu where 20 thousand women came together to revive the nag river .
more than 12 lakh enthusiasts enjoyed the romance of football matches in various stadia across the country and boosted the morale of the young players .
department of excise .
relief staff .
5 surveying construction of community hall building at nugadola wattha ranaviru villagetwice .
like satyam, hundreds of thousands of youth leave schools to join colleges .
increase in other expenditure .
i also salute your sense of commitment towards science, education and students .
at the conclusion of the initial programme, steps were taken to give the assignments to prepare language plans in relation to the institutions concerned and now the task of preparing language planns are taking place at the institutions concerned .
it is an ecosystem which is home to rare species like the snow leopard and rare animals like ibex and brown bears .
keep learning something new, such as newer skills and languages .
health posters .
it also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the corporation’s accounting policies .
in this way, morarji bhai ensured that the way democracy was assassinated in 1975 by imposition of emergency, could never be repeated again in the future .
if we are a young nation, our youth should get manifested in the field sports as well .
my effort is to have a continuous dialogue with the youth in various programmes or through social media .
client transfer refunds .
it was interesting to know about the ongoing miraculous accomplishments in the field of science .
every language has its own significance, sanctity .
in order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night .
and thats why today, as i converse with you, my attention is drawn towards two mohans .
ii the dependents of the members of the armed forces and the police force who have been killed or are missing in action .
modi ji i watch whether on tv or social media, wherever you go, one can see people in that city pay special attention to cleanliness .
the division was headed by the director administration .
121 lack of evidence for audit .
short term investment .
the follow up language audits conducted in 2015 are as follows .
the honourable president of india shri pranab mukherjee inaugurated a new radio channel named akashvani maitree channel at kolkata .
irfana begum from kalburgi has written that her school is 5 kilometres away from her village and she has to start early in the morning and it gets quite late in the evening by the time she returns home .
i have seen that not just on the banks of ganga, even in far off south if one meets a person, he is sure to ask, sir, will ganga be cleaned .
i am sure that even this time if you go, you will lend further fillip to my campaign .
purchasing and handing over new vehicles under the financial leasing method and when necessary .
bharathy children home, mullaitivu .
earlier, the cleanliness status was presented before the countrymen after conducting a survey of 73 cities .
one should be saddened to witness any wrong taking place in the country .
sports programmes .
video gallery .
and lakhs of such saplings were distributed to the devotees traveling on foot to ambaji temple that year .
today, we have adopted in all aspects of governance the mantra of cooperative federalism and going a step further, we have adopted competitive cooperative federalism but most importantly, dr .
providing language training and education to suitable persons and awarding certificates and diplomas to those who successfully complete such language training and education .
after our government was formed, the doner department took an important decision of not staying in delhi and working from centre for the northeast regions .
efforts are being extensively undertaken to make health care accessible and affordable, make it easily accessible and affordable for the common man .
thirty crore new families have been linked to this scheme, bank accounts have been opened .
swachch bharat is already our resolve besides this, how can our 125 crore countrymen pay the best tribute to gandhiji by working in close harmony .
whenever we look around us in this season it appears as if earth has draped itself in a sheet of greenery .
these are the strength of our nation, they are my youth, they are the future of my country .
making necessary arrangements to present the appropriation bill to parliament in first week of oct, 2014 .
animals, birds, flora nature in its entirety, is filled with the joys of the season .
vijay biswal has shown us how we can connect our jobs with our hobbies, interests or skills .
there will be no soil, no plants and trees will grow how will human life be possible .
adhering consistently to the objective of bringing space science to the common man, for the service of the nation, they are creating one record after another .
mahatma gandhi often used to say, one must care about a world one will not see this means that it is our duty to be concerned about the world which we shall not see and to care for that .
when so many attributes become one's partner, then that yogi conquers all forms of fear .
also, instructions were given to distribute the allocations in all the spending agencies and the provincial councils in a manner that would manage the sectoral allocation .
today i want to touch upon a very important point from a sanskrit subhashit .
firstly, i am most grateful to such conscientious citizens .
it is not that you do not have the knowledge, it is not that you do not have the information, and it is not that you have not worked hard .
in spite of the hurdles, sonali not only chose kabaddi but excelled in this discipline .
accrual translations fees concessionary loan project .
we will renew this exchange of thoughts on newer topics in the year to come, well share new experiences .
ii disabled war heroes’ welfare project .
the young karun nair scored a triple century and k .
this time when i had come to mumbai, i felt like meeting you in person .
it is an inherent human nature to advise others .
i will still urge you in today's digital world and in the time of google guru, to take some time out from your daily routine and devote it to the book .
matale district committee meeting on 19072011 .
the first flag was pinned on his excellency the president on 11th of may at temple trees .
can we, this time, during the festival season, dispel some of the darkness beneath the lamp with due awareness and resolve .
dec 4 15 .
i want to give the message to prime minister, shri narendra modi ji to request all the people of india through his programme mann ki baat to use as much earthen lamps diya as they can this diwali .
people remembered him as the best member of parliament, sensitive writer, best orator and most popular prime minister and will continue to remember him .
at times, thirty .
youth games, .
local – training programs .
is there nothing we can do to have this implemented throughout the country, sir .
lakhs of farmers and common people continue to benefit from the krishna raj sagar dam built by him .
district committee meetings of badulla and monaragala of uva province were held on 07th 08th of may 2011 .
briefing universities and higher educational institutes .
gampahaproviding sanitary facilities to the community hall located in mahaththuwa grama niladari division .
speaking about festivals today, i would first like to wish you all michhamidukkadam .
052 loan .
these operations have been carried out in korea, cambodia, laos, vietnam, congo, cyprus, liberia, lebanon, sudan and many other parts of the world .
during his tenure, the 44th constitutional amendment was introduced .
chandra bose and his family members were in the process of organising this and last week i received the confirmation that around 50 members of the bose family are coming to the prime ministers residence for a meeting .
my dear countrymen i want to share good news with you .
41 annual action plan .
my name is satish bewani .
it was observed that those advances had ranged between 50 per cent to 100 per cent of the value of each purchase .
we have more than thirty years experience in making and supplying laboratory furniture especially for universities .
best editing .
sometimes when we talk to the youth we learn so many things .
17 day non residential tamil language training programme for newly recruited nurses .
an instructor is paid of rs, 4000 per month as an encouragement .
nov 26 dec 11 .
christmas songs .
i would like to reiterate to my countrymen, and specially to my young friends that we are alive aware beings .
and they themselves worked hard to construct toilets in that village, thus achieving the goal of making a remote village in faraway forests open defecation free .
23 3 bad debeters .
the services of government approved surveyors’ will be obtained to finalise the survey of these lands .
let us enter into the new year with such little achievements, begin our new year and take a concrete steps in the journey from positive india to progressive india .
i will try to make it reach out to you in your language .
scholarship awarding ceremonies .
performance as per the action plan .
abu awards festival .
base hospitalrikillagaskada .
merit award .
agrarian development fund 2012 .
isnt it a demonstration of the peoples power .
recoverable from retired resigned employees .
and you will be happy to know that the beautiful north eastern state of meghalaya has become the first state to have formulated its own waterpolicy .
but, each one is connected to it in one or the other way and everyone is making a contribution .
in kabirdham district of chhatisgarh more than 1 .
director security services .
in a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire seasoncycle of the country .
i believe that you will send your good suggestions .
statement of directors’ responsibility .
the great award kalabhushana viruthu is awarded by the department every year to the artists who have rendered yeoman service to the arts and culture .
mann ki baat, december 2018 .
data in respect of new beneficiaries .
focusing on this objective, institutional heads representing various sectors have been educated by the language division with regard to implementation of the official language policy .
the remains of the crop are themselves very valuable .
in the ultimate , any religion, faith, ideology or tradition give us the message of peace, unity and goodwill .
02 projects for the provision of material resources on a priority basis required for war heroes and their families to reach a higher living standard socially .
kandy zone .
it is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers mutiny for a very long time .
there are many programs that are held in our country and the world .
road maintenance equipment .
packaging of dates .
after 50 years of tilak's birth, on the same day i .
minor export crop promotion .
it is a gallery whose walls are inscribed with soldiers tales of valour .
if it is found in tehsil, then there is no need to go to the district .
now the entrance gate of akshayavat have been opened for everyone .
secondly because of burning this the top soil gets burnt .
these two distinguished personalities brought glory honour not just to jharkhand, but the entire country .
the finance division is organized around the functions of revenue, payments, salaries, bookkeeping and the costing unit .
permanent, contract casual grades .
the letters sent by parents explaining problems were referred to the relevant authorities and replies were sent in respect of problems that could be resolved arrangements were made to reply correctly the telephone calls from beneficiaries and worked with relevant banks .
a fresh and pleasant air of it to society, wenot i, a transformation from the individual to the community is imbibed in this .
the main news telecast in sinahala, english and tamil 3 ½ hours per day totaling to 105 hours per month, sinhala hourly news 01 hour per day totaling to 30 per month , .
one important task of the skills development project is to make provision for family members of the war heroes and of those who retired with disability improve their computer knowledge .
a few days ago, all pradhans from the villages of jammu kashmir had come to see me .
no of programmes .
development of computer centers .
north central province .
the youth have got employment this way .
medicines available at the jan aushadhi centres are 50 to 90 cheaper than branded drugs available in the market .
it implies that we are able to provide eye transplant services to only one out of the four needy persons .
sir, i want to know how we can check such unfortunate events and incidents from taking place .
our festivals are now becoming great attractions for tourism .
can anyone ever imagine the divyang athletes breaking a record set during the general olympic games .
the standard total assets to external loan ratio of a business institution should be 11 .
a few days later nhrc would complete 25 years of its existence .
at a time when there is challenging competition among the rival television stations to capture the highest possible viewership it is very important to produce quality programs in order to increase the revenue the research and training unit is responsible for providing the training required to develop the corporation’s human resources and technological abilities .
ensuring compliance with the financial obligations and regulations of the government .
construction of quarters of married officers 5,033,574 .
thunukkai zone .
actual no of officers .
a the number of designs and inventions produced by the moratuwa and nattarampotha project by 31 december of the year under review had been 672 and out of that 381 had been handed over to the workshop .
5 embilipitiya .
thus we had developed the tradition to observe our holidays also intertwined with the phenomena of the universe keeping the scientific aspects in focus .
she brought the people together by infusing a sense of nationalawakening .
it has now become a campaign of societal empathy and public education .
it was the first time that this programme was organized in any other country outside america .
people take the lanterns in the evening and return them in the mornings for recharging .
kaveetha talent .
that in order to save water, to collect water, to save the very drops of the rainwater, they should convene a meeting of the gram sabha and sit and discuss the resolution to this problem with the villagers .
i am happy that in such a short span of time, it has just been 15 days but the government is moving at a very fast pace information is being disseminated and soon the decision will be enforced and small jobs will be made free of interviews .
project budget .
a child suffering from a bone disease .
today, it is our duty to ensure the participation of women in every field of life, be it social or economic life, it is our fundamental duty .
and the media can also take advantage of these inspiring stories .
the government has to take some steps to maintain law and order .
2012 anniversary programme, .
dont news of such achievements, such accomplishments inspire us .
582 students were awarded certificates at the programme .
may our neighbouring countries be with us in our journey, may they develop equally .
the mere mention of abdul kalamjis name brings to mind vivid images of science, technology, missiles in fact the entire spectrum of strengths and capabilities of india in the days to come .
9 buddhabivanda vesak programme .
iniya vasamtham programme, batticaloa .
deputy commissioner of excise internal audit – slacs .
four workshops were held in 2011 in 04 provinces .
but, do you know why we indian citizens commemorate this day as infantry day .
he kept on breaking his own records consecutively and consistently for about twenty years, everytime surpassing and outdoing himself and thus continuously forging ahead .
by reviewing the progress monthly and quarterly in terms of reports on the action plan and reporting back to the management on the instances of deviations from the expected targets .
i was reminded of my younger days .
name mr smanoharan .
her family is very poor .
and today i am pleased to share this after one year that nearly two crore people have visited mygov website .
the old generation feels that the new generation does not understand anything and i understand that this has been going on for ages .
such a big spectacle, i was astounded to see the energy, enthusiasm, and zeal of all the young players .
the objective of this division is to create respect in the society towards the war heroes and creating self esteem in war heroes themselves and maintaining this social status consistently .
my dear countrymen, we had launched swachha bharat mission two years ago on 2nd october, the birth anniversary of our revered bapu .
45 essays were submitted as research essays in 15 sessions of these 3 days .
i request the youngsters, especially the it professionals, that all of you should come together to create an online yoga activity program .
translation and computerization of list of names for gazette notification .
creating a conducive back ground for family members of war heroes while improving their self confidence, identifying their skills and directing them to courses and assignments with a view to imparting technical and technological knowledge and training to suit their skills and direct them to the income generating process .
intangible asset .
accordingly, an awareness programme on preparation of language plans was conducted for officers of the institutions under the ministry of parliamentary reforms and mass media on 16102015 .
obtain​ing assistance from private medical development division of the ministry of health with regard to implementation of the recommendations aforesaid .
some social institutions have been involved in this activity for many years was common knowledge, but the youth of my country are engaged in this task, i only came to know later .
at the time i was releasing the data on tigers, i also remembered the asiatic lion of the gir in gujarat .
for the innovative manner in which importance of waste management and cleanliness were displayed in this festival, i congratulate the people of raipur municipal corporation, the entire populace of chhattisgarh, its government and administration .
in the year 2019, 100 years of the horrific incident of jallianwala bagh will come to a full circle, it was an incident that embarrassed the entire humanity .
a few days ago sikkim won the prestigious future policy gold award, 2018 for encouraging the sustainable food system .
we can pay our best homage to him by following the path set by him and becoming good citizens .
providing the services with regards to implementation of the official language policy .
the extraordinary pace at which they drafted the constitution is an example of time management and productivity to emulate even today .
implementation of the national policy mechanism at local government and community level .
33 transactions of contentious nature .
noor jehan works the entire day to recharge the lanterns in the solar energy plant .
i too have seen videos put up on social media by beneficiaries of this scheme .
jawans from our security forces have to perform duties in difficult and remote areas .
further, despite having decided to charge a registration fee for same, it had not been done even by 31 december 2012 .
earlier, every aspect regarding health used to be a responsibility of the health ministry alone but now, all departments and ministries be it the sanitation ministry or ayush ministry or ministry of chemicals fertilizers, consumer affairs ministry or the women child welfare ministry or even the state governments they are all working together for swasth bharat and stress is being laid on affordable health alongside preventive health .
employee loans constitute amounts granted to eligible employees under the following .
under this project loans are given to the families of those dead, missing, and those retired with disability to begin a self employment or to improve an existing one .
annex 07 .
04 schools were selected from difficult areas of the district and a series of workshops was conducted for which more than 3000 students participated .
name mr j nanayakkara .
significant variances were observed between the budgeted and the actual income and expenditure for the year under review, thus indicating that the budget had not been made use of as an effective instrument of control .
mental diseases manasika roga .
these works may seem small but have a very deep impact in changing our thinking and in giving a new direction to the society .
in india, the celebration of diwali lasts for a number of days .
and, about his handwriting even at the age of 90, i marvel that he writes so beautifully whereas my own handwriting is very poor .
i request you that out of the entire gamut of your thoughts reflected during the programme mann ki baat throughout the year, if you could share ten of your best thoughts, so that we all remember these opinions and we get to learn something from them .
divisional medical development unit–ukuwela .
there is an established thinking regarding the startups that they are meant only for the digital world or the it profession .
hand book of simple language guidelines for empowerment of ministerial focal point officers on preparation of language plans .
we have to go a long way in the field of sports .
whether junagadh, hyderabad, travancore, or for that matter the princely states of rajasthan, if we are able to see a united india now, it was entirely on account of the sagacity strategic wisdom of sardar patel .
similarly is the intellectual wealth limited to a few selected cities or what .
mann ki baatis like a mirror to the country our society .
this is what begets new science, new technology .
when there is cash in the hand, or in the pocket or at home, one is tempted to indulge in wasteful expenditure .
hospital furniture .
aid for studies courses .
sardar vallabh bhai patel was greatly impressed by lok manya tilakji .
in rajasthan, it is called sankrant, maghbihu in assam and pongal in tamil nadu all these festivals are special in their own right and they have their own importance .
i hope that you too become inspired with the spirit of patriotism and do something good in that vein .
unutilized provisions .
interest on loans to employees .
millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of makarsankranti .
it is the factoring in of this outreach that will create a new india .
01 nonreceipt of adequate support from certain provincial officers in organizing workshops generally being held outside the head quarters .
you must have spent just a minute or two but for me your phone calls are very important .
name mr r chandradas .
increase of income from surety bonds .
later, all countries started sending their women police units .
in a few days from now, we shall celebrate the festive occasion of janmashtami .
i thank those people, who provided critical and important feedback .
india has produced many great hockey players .
ambagamuwa disrict secatariat .
parties benefited .
he was committed to being a teacher .
twenty two internal audit queries in the first half of the year and 4 internal audit queries in the second half of the year had been issued .
prophet mohammad sahibpeace be upon him believed that if you possessed anything more than your requirement, then donate it to the needy, thus donation or giving alms is important during ramzan .
sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an officials zeal .
dayata kirula 2012 anuradhapuraya, .
preparing cabinet papers .
it was analyzed by every segment of society .
he ensures education, health and meals for all the children coming to this school .
ganesh ji removes obstacles .
can you post on incredibleindia .
one such great man has been lok manya tilak who has left a very deep impression on the hearts of a large number of indians .
he was playing a pivotal role in it .
and they shared a very good experience .
this cleanliness drive in sabrimala and the contribution of punyan poonkavanam in this are so immense that each devotee contributes and participates in it .
well, ill tell you the reason, one of the security personnel of itbp called vikas thakur is from a small village in sirmour district of himachal .
while these teachers employ the heartlyfused teaching learning process in teaching, institution conducts provincial level review and supervisory training study courses meant for them .
the occasion was the completion of 75 years of the formation of the azad hind government .
132 debtors employee .
but, we are now awaiting the rains .
from the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with yoga .
director general programme .
32 general programme expenses .
dantewada in chattisgarh is a maoist infested region .
focus was made during this year on organizing programmes of the ranaviru sewa authority that did not hider to the corporate plan and the working programme of the authority .
61 parttime training courses for public officers .
name mrmwwejerathna .
name mr am roman .
just one message can enhance their capability and our country has shown it .
conducting language proficiency and efficiency bar examinations for the staff of external institutions .
awareness programme for government officers .
commissioner of excise – finance – slas .
the commissioner of the official languages department shall be the official secretary to the commission .
of the 354 applications received in this regard, 240 volunteers were selected and they took part in the relevant orientation programme .
he ensured that millions of indians were brought under the ambit of one nation one constitution .
jamuna tudu, famous nicknamed 'lady tarzan' in jharkhand, most valiantly took on the timber mafia and naxalites, and not only saved the 50 hectares of forest but also inspired ten thousand women to unite and protect the trees and wildlife .
it is a wave of emotions that engulfs all of us simultaneously .
several baodis stepwells are famous as tourist spots but please do not forget that these are the living symbols of the water conservation campaigns which our forefathers had accomplished .
reinforcing steel .
psychosocial skill tranning programme .
those trying to disturb peace in kashmir by putting small children in the front and hiding behind them will have to be answerable to these very innocent children some day .
and for a country like india, this common sentiment of the people is a very big force .
rajasthan, desert area, has celebrated van mahotsav in a very big way and pledged to plant 25 lakhs trees .
towards this end he has been encouraging children by showing them films made in 18 languages in three thousand schools across the country .
name mr wm piyasena .
therefore only those will get its benefits who make a purchase worth more than 50 rupees but less than three thousand rupees .
one new medical college will be set up for every three districts .
there is a belief among the kol community in central india that their fortune is directly connected with the tigers and they firmly believe that if the tigers do not get food, the villagers will have to face hunger .
coin adjustment .
message from the chairman .
the people here, once again, are ready to play their active role in water conservation .
initially, shocked to see the condition of children begging around or doing some menial jobs that this group of youngsters got dedicatedly, selflessly involved into this creative mission .
annual report 2009 .
in 2012 focus will be directed on the following matters .
many thanks for your phone call .
34 staff administration .
55 establishing and promoting language circles in school level and implementing school programmes via them .
other festivals .
the second circle, veerta chakra, depicts the courage and bravery of our soldiers .
the constitution of india is the spirit of our democracy .
in this holy month of ramzan, i came across a very inspiring incident at mubarakpur village of bijnor in uttar pradesh .
and on 31st october, on national unity day, we must remember sardar saheb wherever we may be and take a resolve to preserve national unity .
noof programs .
service charges .
at the same time, experiments that the person has attempted or seen also come to the surface, with vivid descriptions of new ideas on the issue .
f the total hire charges paid during the year 2012 for a motor vehicle obtained on the basis of paying monthly hire charges without following proper procurement procedure amounted .
best upcoming actress nominee .
the nation will not tolerate those committing rapes .
why should it not have the national emblem of our country .
the action plan prepared in that manner is being implemented with the consensus of the ranaviru community .
our farmer brothers and sisters have toiled hard to fill our granaries .
eastern province .
have you ever thought about how much food we waste .
my dear countrymen, today, the whole world is concerned deeply about climate change, global warming and the environment .
government of india has also appealed to the corporate world to come forward in this endeavour .
p s no 2014321 second instalment – part xii state corporations report of the auditor general 2012 .
some people say that the youth do not have patience but my belief is that the youth do not have any time to waste this is the point which helps the present day youth become more innovative because they want to accomplish things quickly .
through his own conduct, he embraced those who were ostracized by society .
recently, during the 14th pravasi bharatiya diwas, niti aayog and indias foreign ministry had organized a unique competition .
buddhist news, .
this has transparency, this has empowerment, this has entrepreneurship too .
kashmiris are now beginning to recognize well the true face of the antinational forces .
02 preamble .
powder coated products .
he tried to change the mood of despondency and create a mood to achieve something .
divisional secretariat, palagala .
can you do one thing in the memory of babasaheb ambedkar .
ekta ki daud i also had a chance to run in one of these earlier .
b even though the handrail of the stairway and the exterior security fences of the above building had been constructed with iron and painted with galvanizing, those had rusted by the time of inspection .
2the institutional structure of institutions under the ministry of national coexistence, dialogue and official languages .
indian players are performing exceedingly well in shooting and wrestling but our players are winning medals in those competitions too, in which our performance has not been so good earlierlike wushu and rowing .
the particulars of the staff of the centre for the year 2012 are given below .
g accounting .
retention with holding tax .
1 housing project .
hence along with the best of wishes on deepawali, i would urge you to come forward and become a patron of local things and buy local .
my dear young friends, despite all these things, there is an entire generation which is ignorant in these matters .
people from the film fraternity, from the world of sports, common citizens of the country, members of the armed forces, school teachers or even those toiling in fields and farms, their rising notes are building up a crescendo hum fit toh india fit .
further details and clarifications could be obtained either from marketing manager or works manager or from assistant works managers .
any talented child who has an achievement in sports, can upload his biodata or video on this portal .
medical related aids .
bilingual facilitation booths established in morawewa and walapane district secretariats were provided with infrastructure facilities .
through the successful and efficient contribution of the existing small external recording vehicles, 66 recordings and .
i do not know if everyone likes this or not, but i am saying it out of personal experience .
materials used for manufacturing these gates are of cast iron, mild steel, structural steel, stainless steel, and timber depending on the customer needs .
when i went to kerala, it was rekindled .
startup india, standup india brings in a huge opportunity for the young generation .
i appeal to all strata of society, residents of every village, town city, take it as a prayer with folded hands let us celebrate gandhi jayanti this year as a mark of our plastic free mother india .
the directors confirm that in preparing the financial statements of the corporation, appropriate accounting policies and standards have been selected, consistently applied and supported by responsible and prudent judgments and estimates .
aruma puduma roda hathara, .
the government of india will make an in depth inhouse analysis and will study the practices being followed around the world .
i felt happy talking to them, but i had a feeling that they felt burdened by the fact that they could not win the world cup .
in the year 2014, the department carried out a wide range of activities in relation to the implementation of budget 2014 as well as preparation of annual budget of 2015 within the medium term expenditure framework, 2015–2017, as given in table 11 .
sri lanka rupavahini corporation, .
compilation of hindu encyclopedia .
in view of the kind of lead that india has taken towards environmental protection, today the countries of the entire world are looking towards india as a model example .
an average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the mnrega budget each year on water conservation and water management .
a fixed assets .
on the second and fourth sundays of every month till september 2012 .
13 loans other receivables .
through these programmes, many benefits such as improvement of education, economic and infrastructure facilities, building of mutual understanding and trust among ethnic groups, awareness of social integration were granted to the marginalized general public .
he was a 'man of detail' in the true sense of the term .
perhaps going beyond sporting achievements, these paralympics and the performance by our athletes have transformed our attitude towards humanity, towards speciallyabled, divyang people .
my dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, i have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you .
teacher training courses .
vedas, describe the earth and the environment as the basic sources of energy .
that files associated with netaji be declassified has been a long standing demand for years .
even though the audit committee should meet at least once in three months in terms of the public enterprises circular no ped31 of 01 july 2005, only two meetings had been held in the year 2012 .
but, the great task that the country wants to accomplish today is the realisation of our dream of a cashless society .
name mrphrpkumara .
but i would like to tell you that gurudev was also a painter .
it may give you temporary succor, but we should completely stop taking antibiotics without the advice of a doctor .
friends, i remember when the allahabad high court gave its verdict on ram janmabhoomi in september 2010 .
on the other hand, heavy rainfall in many parts of the country has resulted in countrymen suffering due to floods .
the last day of paryushanparva is observed as samvatsari .
tsunami fund payable .
constructive criticism strengthens democracy .
for this i thank you from the core of my heart .
the girl students from saint mary upper primary school from chittoor in kerala have sent me a letter .
its a vagary of nature that some places have received higher rainfall compared to other places .
whatever you learn in life, you must use it later for the nation and live for your nation, babasaheb gave this message and even lived it himself .
kirti hegde from north kannada had appreciated digital india and smart city schemes and she put forth a suggestion that we need to transform our education system and said that the presentday children do not like classroom reading, they love to know more and more about nature .
it was reported that the information relating to the exports division for the years 2008 and 2009 had been deleted from the computer, but such information for the year 2010 and 2011 had not been also produced to audit .
keeping this mantra of gandhiji in mind while making any purchases during the 150th anniversary of gandhiji, we must make it a point to see that our purchase must benefit one of our countrymen and in that too, one who has put in physical labour, who has invested money, who has applied skill must get some benefit .
a workshop to train english instructors selected from community and the villages for improving english knowledge of family members of war heroes at community and the villages was conducted on the 12th and 13 th of december at hector kobbekaduwa agricultural training institute by the skills development project of the ranaviru sewa authority .
in this connection, the initial part of the work has been completed and the future activities are expected to be completed in 2016 .
public administrationestablishment code .
with the intention to elevate health programs, a magazine program was commenced under the theme of “ayubowewa” .
i once again extend my heartiest congratulations and best wishes to the young generation of our country, especially our daughters .
society needs motivation for this .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 22 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the sri lanka rupavahini corporation as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with sri lanka accounting standards .
the budgeted balance sheet, the budgeted income and expenditure statement, and the budgeted cash flow statement had not been included in the budget prepared for the year under review .
there are old baggages of our own lives and when they do not come in the way, it becomes easier to understand others .
license to tap, draw and manufacture fermented, unfermented sweet toddy .
india lags far behind in tourism when compared to the world .
if you are unable to express yourself to your family and friends, then do one thing, go out in society with a sense of service .
mann ki baat has turned my faith into belief and reverence and once again i would like to salute this immense power of the people through this platform .
2 to create a team of ranaviru family members with self confidence and make them content .
divisional secretariat thissamaharama .
all of our accounts should be kept active .
he appealed to the people to rise above divisions of religion caste and make knowledge wisdom the sole basis of recognition .
outside broadcasting .
i also want to thank our farmers for keeping the poor in mind and adopting cultivation of various pulse crops also besides the traditional crops because pulses are the biggest source of protein for poor people .
i would like the family to consciously try to inculcate in children the habit of playing in open grounds .
92 no of groups 2 .
the following observation is made in this connection .
making travel arrangements up to the house of the war hero and for providing other necessities .
north and east province .
86 no of groups 02 .
09 monetary allocations .
set designers .
they have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained .
e subcommittee for the conservation of veterinary medical practice .
i wish to say something on the governments ban on red beacons .
name mr hvs vikirawita .
official address zonal education office, maho .
but still in our country, the duties and rights of citizens are not being debated and discussed as intensively and extensively as it should be done .
the hindu aranery schools are functioning with the objectives of to impress the values of moral character and making them to have faith in the almighty, prayers and worshipping at temples and preaching them hinduism .
in my opinion, except for the effects of the matters described in paragraph 12 of this report, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the construction guarantee fund as at 31 december 2012 and its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles .
santosh ji, your name and your deed both are sources of santosh, satisfaction for all of us .
7 supplying loudspeakers to the salawa ranaviru village .
the final event was held under the theme ‘sirilaka piri avurudu siri rupavahini avurudu udanaya 2012’ in monaragala and captured the highest viewership in comparison with the events organized by the other channels during the april season .
name mr ps nonis .
2 programme 02 .
the manner he has spent his entire life in the service of gaumata, is unique in itself .
advance for foreign travel .
my dear countrymen and especially my young friends, you do remember the 21st of june now .
all island .
recommendations for land .
do you know how many tigers there are in india .
3 summary of significant accounting policies .
who does not know about the bangladesh freedom struggle of 1971 .
no of vacancies .
i appeal to the listeners of mann ki baat to provide this information about jan anshadhi kendras to the needy ones it will cut their expense on medicines .
23 2 debit tax .
i even know that you are making a big contribution in positively taking this mission forward .
gampola zone .
90 days .
today, he has become a source of inspiration not only in jammu kashmir but for the youth of the whole country .
providing facilities and coordination for implementing the official languages policy efficiently with the objective of establishing ethnic unity and peace .
my best wishes to all the students whore going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well .
advance to suppliers – local purchase institute .
today the country is moving forward from the path of women development to womenled development .
official address ministry of education, inner harbour road, trincomalee .
have we ever offered them some drinking water during the summer days .
best teledrama director .
christmas carol tamil street drama, .
this is not merely the production of pulses but a yeoman service rendered by the farmers to the poor of my country .
conducted at kopay christian college, jaffna from 20062014 to 22062014 .
dooli pintharu teledrama .
government management assistant .
virusahana ranaviru village .
that had not been rectified even by the end of the year under review .
our youth are coming forward in areas like skill development, innovation and entrepreneurship and are achieving success .
loan ratio .
miyasi visaka .
weaving a common thread comprising them all into a fabric of informal conversation, we have been able to travel together, over this rather long distance of 50 episodes .
heartiest congratulation to you .
the chairperson made a visit to look into the situation of mundalama community 20111116 .
railway refreshment room license .
defined benefit plans define an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such as age, years of service and compensation .
the first programme of it was conducted for 25 officers from 22042015 to 24042015 .
zonal education office, horana .
3 scholarship awarding ceremonies .
but we may call it the countrys misfortune that on this day itself indira gandhi ji was assassinated .
numbers of officers under the following service levels were in the organizational structure of nbd in year 2014 as per the public administration circular no 062006 .
recently, i came to know about the inspiring story of anjum bashir khan khattak who is a topper in kashmir administrative service examination .
official address zonal education office, walapone .
it is a moment full of zest warmth .
india shares a lot of economic, cultural and political ties with the african nations .
mahatma gandhis philosophy has inspired the whole world .
loan other receivable .
name mrwmwejerahna .
this must be a collective responsibility .
we can feel the essence of these ideals in his compositions .
these lofty ideals of sardar sahab are relevant to and inspiring for our vision for a new india, even today .
he said , never ask a saint his caste or creed .
yet despite facing all sorts of difficulties and physical challenges, at the age of 21, through his unwavering determination he won the medal for the country .
maintaining, updating and developing the data of the ministry .
there are two types of waste generated, is the liquid waste and the other is dry waste .
indian doctors have carved a niche for themselves in the entire world through their capabilities and skills .
my dear countrymen, i must express my gratitude to you and to the people of the world for one more thing .
decrease of channel eye income during the year by more than 75 per cent or rs637,390,000 as compared with the preceding year had been the main reason for this decrease .
school children, college students, ncc, nss, youth organisations, media groups, the corporate world, all of them offered voluntary cleanliness service on a large scale .
it is, therefore, imperative that we need to move towards waste to compost along with the cleanliness mission .
it is true that a hundred percent cashless society is not possible .
this too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace .
it is a vision to inspire the children to discover new stars, while gazing at them .
well have to turn ourselves into a risk conscious society .
very few know that since a long time, crores and crores of people have gathered on the riverbanks for this festival .
we even have a saying, coal blackens your hands, hence people tend to stay away from coal mines .
he has been making toys from garbage for over four decades so that children can increase their curiosity towards science .
indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces, our army not only manpower but womanpower too is contributing equally .
assistance for sanitary facilities 2011 .
community id card .
this stress, this tension was evident on their faces also .
annual report 2011 .
123 accounts receivable .
this ritual is performed when the toddler starts feeding on solid food for the first time .
additional allocation .
cast iron sluice gates are of circular opening ranging from 6 inches to 30 inches, in three inches intervals and used to regulate water levels in cannels .
in this endeavour, he stood to lose a lot on his personal front .
the ministry of drinking water and sanitation has organized, the swachch sankalp se swachcha siddhi pratiyogita, from the resolve of cleanliness to attaining cleanliness competition comprising an essay competition, a short film making competition and a painting competition .
annex 41 .
applying for annual training courses .
prevent duplication and incompatibility proper recognition was given to identify duplicated and incompatible activities under each of the ministries .
this time the ratio of men women who voted was almost the same .
uniform materials are provided to aranery school students annually with free of charge by this department .
you can well imagine the social strength this statement had .
indigenous medicine .
selection of a public institution with skills for membership survey .
social integration and ethnic affairs .
the details of the 12day non residential language training programmes conducted for public officers are as follows .
it will evince more interest in football in every generation .
community centre prior to the rehabilitation .
my dear countrymen, our northeast has a unique distinction of its own .
she is utilizing the solar energy of the sun to illuminate the houses of the poor she is fighting darkness and bringing light to her own name .
i am sure this will turn out to be a described destination for one all across the country .
we have to live in harmony and in synchronicity with nature, we have to stay in touch with nature .
and there is no vested interest behind all these activities but a pure feeling of dedication and resolve is the driving force .
the reason behind it is the purusharth, the resolute yet selfless inner strength of such illustrious sons daughters of mother india .
director,department of hindu religious and cultural affairs .
economic development .
the ministry was introduced the innovative model centres expansion programme aimed at extending the concept of innovative model centres to the other government institutions as well .
in the year 2015, two programmes per district were carried out .
it is proclaimed in shukracharya neeti that naastimulam anaushadham meaning that there is no plant that does not have medicinal values .
on that basis, bilingual facilitation booths in all the72 divisional secretariats located in the 72 bilingual divisional secretariat divisions have been established by this ministry .
some wrote poems, some drew pictures, a few created cartoons, others made videos .
guru nanak ji undertook many significant spiritual journeys called udaasi .
anshu kumar amar kumar from delhi on mygov, vikas yadav from patna on similar lines monica jain from delhi, prosenjit sarkar from bardhaman, west bengal and sangeeta shastri from nagpur converge in asking a shared question .
name list of staff .
one of the main objectives of the data and information division is the compilation of a data base containing details and information of service organizations in accordance with clause 9 and 3 of chapter 6th of the ranaviru sewa authority act and maintaining it while being updated .
during 2011 under the skills development loan scheme loans were given to 13 beneficiaries selected from among close relatives daughter, son, wife of war heroes who had sacrificed their lives for the country and those presently in the service serving the country and for parents and siblings of the unmarried, for taking part in international competitions in accordance with their talents to bring glory to the country .
further, development and implementation of software for the telecast of election results was carried out as a special task .
in a way, technology is becoming an inseparable part of our lives .
some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts .
5 provision of financial assistance to the war heroes and their immediate families to meet urgent needs .
but, sometimes because of time, sometimes because of distance and at times because of situations that spirit gets faded but just with a touch of a tiny spark, everything reemerges which takes one back to old memories .
the people of kashmir open heartedly became equal stakeholders in this festival .
oct 23 nov 03 .
cabinet approval had been granted on 20120719 to hold social integration week annually .
no of aranery school teachers 9,407 .
6national institute of language education and training and its progress .
another such poignant story is 'poos ki raat' .
gulley grating frame .
and the most thrilling part is that students scoring the highest in their respective states will be invited to visit sriharikota, with expenses borne by the government .
leaders of 54 african countries and unions have been invited .
anagha, jayesh and many other children from chennai have written posted to me their heartfelt thoughts on the gratitude cards, the post script to the book exam warriors .
mothers who are consciously aware of and actively alert to their childrens future, play a big role in assuaging the atmosphere at home .
society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis .
throughout the week every one, old or young, should wear the flag .
you would be aware that for the facilities and respect that workers have earned, we are grateful to babasaheb .
classes completed as at 31122015 .
come, lets make an endeavour in this direction .
today is the day to give importance in our lives to service, sacrifice and compassion .
no middlemen nor any recommendation, nor any possibility of corruption .
42 providing translation services to government and semigovernment institutions and compiling glossaries .
gurudev tagore was a personality full of knowledge and intellect whose writings left an indelible mark on everyone .
meegahakiula land .
4department of official languages and its progress .
there is a decline in the of number of requests for medical relief loans received this year in comparison to other years, this is due to army welfare unit introducing a special medical loan programme in 2011 for members of the army in service .
how capable we are and how our soldiers risk their lives to protect us citizens .
go, explore, go to the jungles sometimes there are summer camps, for development of different facets of your personality you can participate in these camps .
i too got delighted .
“social integration” youth camps are held annually by the ministry as one of the special programmes in recognition of them as a leading group capable of taking up the future and bringing about a social change .
sardar patel rose from being a farmers son to be known as the iron man of the country, undertaking the extraordinary task of uniting india into one nation .
reference to laws, rules, regulations and management decision .
one remarkable feature that was highlighted in 2011 was the implementation of hither to scattered project fields bringing under five principal categories in conformity to the vision of paying gratitude of the nation to the ranaviru name .
5 skills development project .
pranam modi ji, im naina from mumbai .
promotion of hindu culture and arts .
the next edition of mann ki baat will be in 2016 .
under the swachch bharat mission rural, we are taking rapid strides in this direction .
friday, 25 august 2017 .
there are many who try to provide food to the hungry .
friday, 18 august 2017 .
bank overdraft – boc corporate branch .
current assets .
c registration of degree medical practitioners in the year 2009 had been 190 and it had gradually decreased to 135 by the year 2012 .
1 the mcr received 02 nle adobe cs 60 work stations for drama editing .
there existed over 550 princely states .
so far, there have been 27 meetings of the gst council and we can all feel proud that people from different political ideologies have been involved in these meetings these meetings involve representatives of different states .
equipments needed for disabled war heroes such as artificial feet, hand aid, wheel chairs, hearing aid, crutches, water beds are distributed with the support of local and foreign donors as a step of relieving them from difficulties they face due their disability status .
in 1921, in the congress session in ahmedabad, thousands of delegates from across the country were slated to participate .
5th september happens to be the birthday of indias former president dr .
generating public officers well versed in three languages to render an efficient service to the general public .
efforts in the direction of cleanliness are being widely taken across the whole country .
